 Well, there we go. How will the Foxes fare against Arsenal, who are promising to be the strongest they've been in years, Matthew Upson? Well, yeah, absolutely. Arsenal have been kind of sat back in rear position, really, in the Premier League. Nothing like the glory days of when they were winning Premier Leagues and finishing regularly in the top four. They've been, what, six, seven years away from that, maybe more. This year, this is the opportunity for Arsenal to get back in that mix, finishing the top four. It would be a massive achievement for this football club at the moment. Six seasons they've gone without finishing in the top four. To think they went so long under Arsene Wenger, finishing in the top four. Now, things have changed in north London, but they'll hope to get back up to where they feel they belong. And Jesus already battling up front. Pate, Xhaka stretching, Martinelli, Odegaard, and Xhaka might be in here, just ran away from him there, and he can't keep it aligned, but already making a break for a midfield banner, Xhaka. Yeah, lovely idea from Martin Odegaard. Brilliant vision, just overhit the pass a little bit. Martinelli just can't offload this quick enough. He needs to pop it off there. Then the space is really there, but Odegaard sees that run from his centre midfield teammate, just doesn't quite get the pass right. Yeah, the new Arsenal captain, Norwegian creator. Benefit Pate gives Jesus something to chase, and he will chase it, that's for sure, buckling with Evans, who is coming off second best there briefly. Gabriel Jesus, what a handful. Well he's razor sharp at the start of matches for me. I think this first 45 minutes, Johnny Evans has to be really alert with Gabriel Jesus at the moment. He nearly out-muscled in there, didn't he? And that bouncing ball is a difficult one for the Leicester centre back, but he just about got away with it. The mould of striker played away. Arteta wants his forwards to play. Good header from Fofana, dominant there. Madison trying to slide that through to Vardy, and I like him, put too much on it. That's that ball, run from Vardy, Madison, as soon as he can swivel and turn on that ball, he just looks for that pass. It wouldn't be a straight pass and an angled run, or an angled pass and a straight run from Vardy, either or, he's always on the shoulder. The best pass from Gabriel is James Justett. Tielemans. Amati. Drewsbury Hall, who has impressed. Maybe not with that pass as Ramsdale comes after it, but Drewsbury Hall, a standout in that midfield for Leicester. He's coming into the team after being on loan. There he is again. And Ramsdale picking up that clean sheet on opening night. We know he loves clean sheets. It's very, very frustrating when he doesn't get one, even if the side wins. I mean, miss Arsenal. Well Arsenal caught on the ball there and Leicester looking to punish them here with a surging run through the middle. And Ramsdale is there. What a break that was from Fofana of all people. I was just cracking anticipation from Fofana, really showed his class here. Saw the pass and just unfortunately just couldn't find the finish. Ramsdale turning defence into attack. Jesus couldn't get it to Martinelli, but Jaco a time. He couldn't slide in Zinchenko. So an end to end 30 seconds here. Arsenal looking to exploit where Fofana was or wasn't, I should say. I think it was Fofana that made the interception there, wasn't it? I mean, didn't get back quickly from the marauding run earlier on, but showed brilliant anticipation to steal that ball and very nearly go for a score. As you pointed out, Matt, standout player for Leicester. There's Madison. Nastania. Madison again. Amartey. Here's Justin. Finding Dewsbury Hall, confident start here from Leicester. Dewsbury Hall. Trying to get that cross pass, party and away by Saliba, already popular for the Arsenal fans. I do like that balance that Dewsbury Hall gives Leicester with his left foot. You know, I think it's a really important factor. He can put balls into the box with real quality so early on. He's got a lovely left foot, he showed it last weekend with a cracking strike. Their second goal against Brentford. Leicester were in charge in that game only to see the three-point slip away in the end. It's Tielemans and all the talk has been about Arsenal pivoting Tielemans to almost fill the left-hand side of their central midfield area, but Tielemans doesn't even play there for his club at the moment. That's where Dewsbury Hall is. Well played. Gabriel there just easing Hardy off the ball. Party. And he'll look for the run and pinpoint pass towards Granit Xhaka, who already have made some midfield breaks for Arsenal. Well, he's certainly got the license to get in the box, hasn't he, Xhaka? Just didn't quite have that little turn of pace here. To get on the end of this is a lovely pass. Really nicely weighted ball, just couldn't open out his stride enough to get a touch on it. Always had a wry smile there, Xhaka, with his midfield breaks early on. Tielemans couldn't get that ball under control and here's a promising position for Arsenal. Xhaka chasing after that and then in the throwing. And Arsenal want to get on with it. Xhaka. White. White back again for Arsenal. One ball, please. Arsenal wanted to take the throwing quickly. A little bit longer now. And white back to Xhaka. And Xhaka to Zinchenko. Martinelli. Zinchenko again. Tucking into that midfield area. White. Xhaka. Erdogan. Zinchenko. Happy to start again for Arsenal. And he picks up such a strange position where he receives the ball just there. Almost plays as that extra midfield player, doesn't he? Really allows a left-sided centre-back in Gabriel. So much freedom to step out with the ball because he's so narrow. There's acres of space to step into this area of the pitch. So Martinelli holding white. Zinchenko momentarily the furthest forward there as well. Trying to pull this Leicester defence out of position. Zinchenko. Erdogan. And Arsenal produce here, looking to link up. Erdogan. Three waiting for a cross. Erdogan, both Hancock and Passandidi. It's really busy today. It's really well measured stuff, isn't it, from Arsenal? Very controlled, patient build-up. And Jesus is going to pick up a free kick as well. We talk about formations. I think they don't mean much when a side moves around and Arsenal are at the moment. No, I just mentioned patience as well. And these are the kind of instances that Leicester want to avoid. Just a bit of a rash challenge there from Fofana. It's exactly what Jesus is looking for. He's going nowhere in that situation, running towards the corner flag. And now there's a dangerous set-piece that Leicester do not have a great track record in defending these situations. So Martinelli to take this free kick for Arsenal. And Leicester, everybody bar one back in their own penalty area. Most of their players in their own six-yard box. An awkward one for them to defend. Very busy six-yard box. And Martinelli whips it in there and into the side netting. They're looking for a corner kick, but Jesus isn't going to get one. Great movement from Jesus. Lovely pace on the ball from Martinelli. I'm not sure if Jesus does such that. Perhaps it is off of Vardy, but it was across in a flash. That's the danger of that ball. Any kind of bit of contact. This is the chance. It's really worth another look. That anticipation there from Fofana is absolutely world-class. Drops a little shoulder to make that chance. Just here, that there is superb. Anticipation there from Fofana. Anticipation he shows there. Desire to win the ball. Little shimmy there. Just cannot find that finish with the left foot. Justin scooping that ball over to Vardy. Right start to this match. Mustangia. And Fofana. Does he fancy another run forward? Surely has the recovery to get back as well after that chance he had. I don't know if he's going to play a part in this match at all this afternoon, but he certainly hasn't started sluggish, has he? He's been very bright. We're expecting halfway through each half, for the players to have a moment to take in fluids. Nice touch from Vardy. And Dewsbury Hall. They worked it well here, Leicester. Ramsdale got a hand to just keep that cross away from the arriving Justin. An important hand as well. Just took it off the head of Justin. Saka can't hold on to it for Arsenal. So Leicester, shown already, that they can cause Arsenal a few problems. That's a lovely ball to Justin, who's offside, but... Ramsdale just getting a long arm to that one. There was an arm that was needed, because that little layoff from Vardy, absolutely perfect angle and weight. He's in the box for the second one, and I think Justin probably would have got a touch on that. Certainly was just dropping into that far post area for a head-on goal. Leicester did start strongly against Brentford. Arsenal did start strongly against Crystal Palace. Offside's......been dangerous going forward. And Ramsdale just about squeezed that one away. Gabriel. Martinelli. Some elusive player. They'll have to pin down, and looking to spread in Odegaard. Maybe just took that ball away from Saka. And it......wasn't reached Saka in the end anyway. Well, it's a shame Odegaard couldn't have had his first touch into his path, because I think he was beyond the midfield player. The quality of the pass from Martinelli just caught him out a little bit, and his first touch was backwards, which wasn't ideal. So far for the neutral. Lots to enjoy in this match. Will Saka. White. Karte. Saliba, who's shown great composure on the ball as well. It's the defending. And White having to show his versatility to keep his place in this side. Tomiyasu is available on the bench. Here's Gabriel. Ejaka picking up some good positions here for Arsenal, passing a bit off at the moment though. Odegaard. Now White. Saka. Still Saka. White again. Good pressure though from Leicester. And they emerge with a ball. Arsenal win it back, but it was a foul in the end though from Odegaard. I wonder if Rodgers will be pleased with his side's defensive shape there. On this particular occasion. The man who took Leicester so close, not once but twice to a Champions League place. He'd be delighted with their start. They've got a really strong start in this game, but confident with the ball, moving it around just as good as Arsenal really. Farner looking for Tielemans. Gabriel is there. And Arsenal do keep that ball in play. Saliba. Now White. So many of these Arsenal players comfortable on the ball. Martinelli a chance to take on his man. And he got the right side of Farner. And a yellow card for Farner because Martinelli was away there. Well, that's a clear foul from Farner. Just gets done on the body shape. Lovely little lift. It's all about the lift from Martinelli. Drops his shoulder. Once he scoops that ball in the air for Farner's toast, he has to drag him back with his hands. And referee has very little option but to get out the yellow card. And he has to be careful now, very early on in the game, to pick up a yellow. Will Arsenal have a free kick earned by Martinelli, who's going to take the free kick as well, or leave it for Odegaard? Great shots. Martinelli. Gabriel is there. They want a corner, Arsenal. They're not going to get one. I think that's Amati, isn't it, at the back post that challenges here. Very important challenge. Just gets up and puts Gabriel off, who's really the favorite here. He's got the run. To be able to head that ball down, and indeed he is, just challenges him really well and puts him off. They have shown a knack of scoring goals for Arsenal, the Brazilian centre-back. Important goals. And they weren't finding too many from their strikers last season. Certainly at the start of the season in any case. And a one by Saka. Really competitive start to this game so far. There's not much between the teams, is there? You look at this opening, 15, 16 minutes or so has been very even. Arteta would have known, though, this was never going to be easy. Amati. Odegaard, Nwenton Didi, and Gabriel. Oh, and they're almost blaming each other's way. Wasn't that clear, was it? Not real clear communication as to who's going to head that back. Both players were going for the ball in the end, and just about wound up OK. Martinelli. Famous player on that side. Got one on both sides, and almost finding Martinelli again, but somehow still battling for it, and sees the free kick, but already proving a tough man to keep quiet. He just looks right up for this game at the moment. Martinelli, every movement he makes with real intensity and purpose and aggression. A real handful on that left-hand side. This Arsenal side shaping up to be the one he wants, in terms of how he wants them to get to the transfer window, I get the feeling he's pretty happy with his side at the moment. Partey. Looking for Saka. Well read. By Evans, who looked around to his goalkeeper. Waiting for the shout. That's good play from Leicester to pass out. Doesn't reach Maddison, there's Seivert. To intercept. Xhaka. Martinelli. Erdegaard, instant control onto Saka. And Saka swinging it in and arriving there at the back post, it's a good side reward, and it's fired over by Zinchenko. But Xhaka in there at the back post for the Leicester goalkeeper. Get him out. This is the third run that Granecki Xhaka has made in this game, to nearly get in and score a goal. Great cross from Saka. There's Xhaka at the far post, and this rebound here, I mean, Zinchenko turns away, puts his head in his hands, because he's a good enough technician with his left foot to hit the target here. He's got plenty of time to think about it. Just blazes it over the bar, but Xhaka, three or four times now, looking really dangerous with those runs from midfield. The ball striking the post, in fact. Arsenal denied. Did Ward get a slight touch on that? Either way, it's still 0-0. But the new Leicester number one, Kasper Schmeichel, so long between the sticks. Ward now, the man, he's had to wait a while. Martinelli, taking on Fafana on that booking as well. And Martinelli, Fafana had a go at him. They're in England, didn't see much wrong with that. And Leicester on the break here. Vardy. Be interesting if the away side wants to score here, and they might do. Dewsbury Hall. Can't find the pass. Oedegaard certainly can. That's not the best challenge from Justin. Again, the Arsenal fans baying for a yellow card from Darren England. It's not going to come. Well, I find it hard to believe that he's not given a yellow card, if I'm honest. I mean, you can argue whether it is accidental or not. It doesn't really matter. Xhaka's clearly away. You clip an opponent's heels and bring them down like that, so far away from the ball. It's a certain yellow card. It has to be. Not to be this time, though. But Fafana again on that far side, just before that with Martinelli, that is an interesting situation going on over there at the moment. I mean, every time Martinelli gets the ball, he just wants to get at him, doesn't he? And just really try and create a 1v1 situation. It's nicely done by Zinchenko. There's so much quality on the ball. Covered. There's defensive qualities there. So long played at the left back for Manchester City, but signed to an attacking midfielder, essentially. The Arsenal side, feels like he can play anywhere. Partick. Taking that heavy touch, but finding Gabriel Jesus. Jesus stepping inside Evans and driving on and looking for Martinelli. Fafana thought about the challenge, resisted it. Xhaka, it's all very tight for Arsenal, but... It's a goal! They've done it! The Gunners' marquee marksman is off the wall, Gabriel Jesus. That's why they spent the money, the quality that the Brazilian has, and he's produced it at the Emirates. Well, what a big moment for Gabriel Jesus. And what a goal worthy of your home debut. Brilliant, brilliant technical finish. Super build-up play again. I mean, this type of pass in a movement, one touch from Xhaka, who's been arriving in the box all afternoon. He's been brilliant from midfield, arriving in that area, and the vision, and how delicate that chip is. That is absolute world-class, this finish. He sees the goalkeeper, he measures that opportunity. What a finish, Gabriel Jesus. Well, already, it hasn't taken him long. So impressive in pre-season for Arsenal, and now when it matters. Opening the score sheet. Opening the scoring. And here is that little break that we were promised. Good timing, isn't it? Coming straight off that goal into the break, the chance for Nikola Teta to speak to his team, settle them down. I mean, I'm looking at Brendan Rodgers. They haven't done too much wrong, Leicester, have they? It's been such a well-balanced, high-quality start to this game. It really has been a joy to watch. Well, you can tell from the Leicester players' reactions, the way that ball went in, almost, what can we do about that when you're faced with that sort of quality? It's the vision, isn't it? The ability to see that and to make that choice so early, in exactly what he wanted to do, and to execute it that way. World-class from Arsenal's new number nine. Was there just a slight touch to take the gloss off it? Did it come off his own teammate? I think it came off Evans, didn't it? There was a slight nip on the way through, which may just have helped the trajectory just dip over the keeper a little bit more. But I just can't take anything away from this man. It's just a brilliant finish, and what a way to mark your home debut. Well, sometimes you expect a new signing to settle in, take time to settle in. That's not the case for Gabriel Jesus. Already accustomed to playing in the Premier League, already a top-class talent. What a capture for Arsenal. And he scored the goals in pre-season that showed that he had already settled into the club. And maybe just a thumbs-up for that man there, Edu, who was the man who helped seal that transfer, and a smile on his face as well. Job done. Well, Leicester having to respond now after a bright start themselves. Jews free haul. Justin on his weaker put here. Wraps up somehow, ran himself offside there. James Justin, who picked up his first England cap in the Nations League a couple of months ago. I don't have anything on the left side at the moment. I was at that game. He came off injured now, unfortunately, in the first half, but it just shows you how good a season he's had. Got himself a senior England debut. What a start to right-foot Arsenal for Jesus. Saka. I was going to say that Jesus had been quiet for five minutes before that, but... Doesn't matter right now. Where's Zinchenko? Xhaka. Zinchenko. It's a Xhaka. So many left-footers in this Arsenal side. Lovely to chase Jesus, though, didn't quite find Partey. It's Partey's turn to get forward there. I'm having to play at the base of the Arsenal midfield with a player who's very comfortable higher up as well in this fluid Arsenal system. Amatic. Xhaka had a little tug there. Wasn't seen by the referee. Got away with that one. Xhaka. I think this is interesting now. When the balls are back in Arsenal, the way they shape up is so different. It's clearly something they work on a lot with Mikel Arteta and with Zinchenko. Saw him do it for Manchester City, but this narrow position he finds himself in with Martinelli or Xhaka really in advance as well. Lovely scooped pass from Martinelli. Across came Evans and that should be a free-kick. Zinchenko's dead. Of course, the Arsenal fans disagree, but you're starting to feel here that Arsenal's attacking players are getting some real rhythm. Not too sure about this as a foul. I think that is fair competition for the ball there. Yes, he makes a lot of contact with Fofana, but he really has rattled Fofana in this first half. Martinelli has been absolutely brilliant for Arsenal. That there just epitomises his hunger to want to win the ball back and how physical he's been for an attacking player. He's really put that man on the back foot. A tough start for Fofana after he almost scored. Opening few minutes, but all round a bit ragged by Martinelli since then. Partey. Nice turn from Partey to open the pitch up. Couldn't quite find Jesus, though. And Didi. Now Fofana. And there's the press from Zinchenko. Now the Arsenal supporters are really getting into it. They're really getting into it. Now the Arsenal supporters really buying in to how Arsenal want to play as well. Peder from White, though, only as far as Dewsbury Hall. Maddison. Barely seen Maddison on the ball, have we? He's one player that really hasn't got involved in this game yet at all. He wants the ball now. Xhaka right behind him. Fofana looking for Justin. Washed all the way by White. And Xhaka under pressure did well. And Evans didn't get the ball there. It was Jesus who got there first. Referee is just going to stop play. He's not going to give a free kick to Arsenal, but just because Jesus took a blow to the head. From Evans. Well, I think it's both players competing for the ball here, but it just lands shorter. Jesus does well. Evans is making fair game to head it, but he certainly gets his arm up and kind of crashes through the back of Jesus. And could have very easily been a foul for sure. There's all the talk about whether Jesus saw himself as a number nine truly. There's no doubt about that now. It was at Arsenal. It was Amartey. I just think the speed in which he does things sometimes is just razor sharp. It might not be in the game for quite a period, but then all of a sudden he'll just lay one off and spin. And it would just be so, so quick that there aren't many defenders that can cope with it. And he almost cut that pass out as well. Described as one of the best, the best pressing forward in the world. Jesus, sharp with and without the ball. Brendan Rodgers, who gave Arsenal a lot of praise actually in the pre-match press conference. So he liked the look of Arteta's side at the moment and the signings that they've made and bringing Saliba back from his multiple loan spells. Tielemans under pressure by who else but Jesus. Great work, great, isn't it? From the centre forward, just scored a goal and looking to put that kind of pressure on the opposition. It's exactly what Arsenal need, that defensive unit leading from the front. Interesting battle in the midfield as well between Jaka and Tielemans. Now Justin gets there before White. Vardy's in the middle. And Justin driving forward very well indeed. Tielemans, Maddison. Still Maddison, ran into trouble. And then Saka, he should have been given a free kick there, but here's Amati. And Didi. And Farhana. Saw a little glimpse there of how powerful a runner James Justin is. Ben White's no slouch, but he just slowed down a little bit, didn't he? Then knocked it and really put the burners on and he's got such a powerful stride. And prepared to go on as weaker foot side as well. And prepared to go on as weaker foot side as well. And here's Ward. Gestagne. Gestagne. And Arsenal making it difficult for Leicester here to pass out, but Tielemans done, or did very well with that pass. Farhana up the pitch now. Arsenal want to move it on quickly. Referee playing advantage. Here's Saka. With that style. And is that going to be a foul? No, another advantage played. Keeping Arsenal on the front foot. Saka digs the cross out. Jesus is in there. One drop to Oerdegaard. White's doing well. White's to maintain possession for Arsenal and Jesus and Oerdegaard. Will he have a go? It's blocked by Amati. Great pressure from Arsenal. Really good, intricate play. Jesus at the heart of it again. Zinchenko gets it back. Zinchenko, that's a lovely pass over the top. Brilliant football from Arsenal. Almost found Martinelli, but that was all about the Ukrainian there. I think what's exciting for Arsenal fans, you're seeing loads of little link-up situations all over the pitch at the moment. The centre-back partnerships, the link-up between Oerdegaard and Jesus. Saka. Now you're seeing Zinchenko and Martinelli. I think it's great to see those little partnerships all developing all over for Arsenal. It's barely played left-back in this game, Zinchenko. It's made midfield, isn't it? Half the time, just tucked in that midfield position. He goes to the corner towards the near post. Up to the near post. Arsenal's new number nine is settling in just fine. Two for Gabriel Jesus. The ball is just drawn to him at the moment, and he's having no problem scoring for Arsenal in his early days at the club, and they're enjoying this first half now. If ever you're going to see a poacher's goal, a goal-scorer's goal, then they look like this. It really is just that movement, that little area of the goal. Anyone will tell you goals are scored in that area of the pitch. He knows that. His teammates are causing havoc all over from the set-piece. Leicester don't defend it particularly well. They switch off at the back post. I think it's Indeedee or Marti who's the wrong side. And that little area there, just for that lovely little header tap-in, is exactly where poacher goal-scorers are, and he is looking more and more like one of those by the minute. Well, for Gabriel Jesus, what a first half for him. But you're almost unsurprised, because we know his quality in the Premier League, and that's why Arsenal wanted him here, and he's the main man here at the Emirates. In quick time as well. Now Justin, can he still in behind? White just got a touch on that. And Ramsdale, all he'll be thinking about now is his clean sheets again. Plays it forward. Brilliant ball from Ramsdale. And Jesus on a hat-trick, and he might take it! Saved by Ward, denying the Brazilian his big moment for now. I think it's a touch from Indeedee, isn't it? It just puts him off. I mean, how well does he use his body here? Gabriel Jesus, Evans doesn't handle this well at all. He drops far too deep. He's not in contact with Jesus at all, but that roll is brilliant. And just there, the challenge coming in from Indeedee is so crucial. Arsenal taking that corner quickly, almost on the head of Gabriel. Saka. Erdegaard. Saka. Partek. Erdegaard. Arsenal really making things happen. They're just too much at the moment, aren't they? For Leicester. Arsenal just really at it, moving the ball, the movement off the ball. And these little passes and combinations are just bamboozling the Leicester players. Arsenal supporters really enjoying themselves here. Zinchenko. Big block in there from Fafana. That's all they can do at the moment, Leicester. And Maddison had the chance to find Vardy. He would have been onside just as he was in his own half. Indeedee, wasn't he? If Maddison got the quality just to execute that pass, all he's got to do is lift it over the top. And like you say, Vardy's got a head of speed up, bearing down on Aaron Ramsdell. It's a really poor pass from Maddison. The Emirates really very noisy indeed. Almost found Jesus. Just willing him to get that third goal. And the Brazilian did score a hat-trick in pre-season at the Emirates. And that's 6-0 victory against Sevilla. And he's got plenty of time to score a hat-trick here. Almost found one for this moment. I mean, the distance that Evans gives him is far too much. There's the challenge indeedee. Brilliant tackle. But it's just too far off him. And look at the strength that he has. He's got such a low centre of gravity, Jesus, that once he gets bedded in and he gets his balance, it's very hard to knock off the ball. And he just bats into players so well. But it was a lovely spin and turn. Very nearly a hat-trick in the first half. Should have just opened his body up, used his left foot. Perfect hat-trick. There you go. There you go. There's my advice. That's what you would have done, Seb, right? Er, no. And Arsenal already, both of their efforts on target, scoring. And there are two goals in this first half. And since they opened the scoring, it's been one-way traffic, really. Brimming with confidence in this first half. Zinchenko. And Martinelli, movement everywhere. Jesus. The Stania across, but it's quickly Arsenal's ball again, and Jesus almost linking up. And the press. And Leicester can't cope at the moment. And Leicester can't cope at the moment. And he's got it back! Jesus! Denied again. That hat-trick. For the second time, still Arsenal on the attack. Martinelli just ran out of space. But he is proving unstoppable at the moment until he has that final shot at goal for the hat-trick. Well, it's great pressure again. Arsenal not letting up. Zinchenko high up the pitch, which has allowed him to pressure, but these little one-twos that have been going around this area, the pitch, just been fantastic from Arsenal this afternoon. The movement off the ball, the ability to know where the teammate is, it's just all linking together, and it's a really good save from Ward. Gets out, makes himself big. I think Jesus just trying to keep that low, wasn't he? Maybe nutmeg the keeper or just slide it down the side of him, but Leicester keeper does his job. Now, Vardy chasing after this. Oh, he got there first, Vardy. Penalty to Leicester. A route back into the game. And Vardy, who hasn't had much to work off in this first half, came alive there. And did he get there before Ramsdale? It seemed as though at first glance. Well, I'm just looking. I don't know if there's too much contact, if I'm honest. Oh, maybe just a slight bit of contact with Ramsdale's left arm into the side of Jamie Vardy. There's not a lot of contact. I mean, it's a bit of a rash decision from the goalkeeper because Vardy's running away from the goal. He doesn't need to come out and apply this pressure. And out of nowhere, Leicester have been handed a potential lifeline. Well, they are checking at the moment. Mike Dean is the VAR today. The very experienced Mike Dean. I mean, it didn't look like a lot of contact, did there, Seb? I mean, the only contact I can see here is maybe Ramsdale's left arm onto kind of the hip area of Jamie Vardy. Well, he's been recommended, Darren Englands, to check this one again. And when we looked at it again, it did look as though Ramsdale didn't really make a challenge there. He didn't really make a challenge at all. Just a brush on his arm there, Vardy. He tries to withdraw, doesn't he? He tries to pull out of the challenge, but his momentum is always going to lead him into it. It's just whether or not there is sufficient contact. We don't blame Darren Englands for giving the penalty initially, but is he going to overturn his decision here? I think you look at it and say that Vardy throws himself on the ground before the contact. No penalty. It seemed that Vardy was the man who tried to initiate the foul rather than Ramsdale fouling the forward. I think that's spot on, Seb, to be honest. And I think you have to bear in mind with penalties that just because somebody's got a penalty, you have to bear in mind with penalties that just because there is contact, minimal contact, it doesn't mean it's a penalty. It has to be sufficient contact in order to cause the foul. And I think Jamie Vardy was looking for it, which all good strikers do. I don't think he's done anything wrong in that sense, but I think it's the right decision for Vardy with the right smile because the replay came up on the big screen, big boos from the home fans. Right corner. And I don't think Vardy complained too much, actually, in the end. And that's the telling sign. Yeah, I mean, I think he does everything right that every centre forward should do. He's luring the contact, he's waiting for the contact. It didn't really come as he wanted it. You know, he wanted to really get plaited and it would be a blatant penalty, and Ramsdale just withdrew at the final second to take his body weight out of the challenge and the referee could see that there wasn't quite enough contact. Here's Sinchenko. Tate. Just a reminder there for Arsenal that despite their dominance in the last 15 minutes or so, there's still the threat on the counter from Leicester. Has been a counter for Fahner, trying to force his way through, but after its forceful starts, Arsenal had his number since then. But Leicester really needed that. Four minutes to be added on in this first half. VAR contributing to that. And here's White. Gabriel. So Gabriel Jesus. Saliba. Again, largely untroubled in this first half for young Frenchman. Here's White. Saka. Also maybe just trying to take any sort of sting and chaos out of the end of this first half. And Sinchenko. Who stood out again for Arsenal today. So far, I should say. Still another half to go. Gabriel. Jesus dropping off, wanting to get even more touches of the ball. You kind of feel like the game needs this little moment of calm, don't you? It's been such a frantic end-to-end, just probing 45 minutes from Arsenal especially. There's been very little time for the ball, just for players to get their rest and chill out a little bit and just knock the ball about. It's been very purposeful play from both teams. Especially in this heat as well. Of course, both sides can make the five changes. A maximum of three intervals in this match. Last time, Leicester only made one. Arsenal only made three in their opening matches. I think Dewsbury Hall there just maybe rolling an ankle or just getting his studs caught in the turf. A bit of a late tackle. We did have a brief look at that in the VAR room, but no issues. Gabriel Jesus wrestling with Amati, who had a difficult time against Raven Tony. Raven Tony, in the second half of the King Power last week. Here's Zinchenko. And still Zinchenko. That's beautifully done. Odegaard looking for Saka too much on the pass. Just looking for too much curve and spin and swerve on that outside of the left foot pass from Odegaard. Lovely pass selection. You know, when you see a player at the end of a nice piece of footwork and then make the wrong choice. I think Zinchenko is very good at when he offloads the ball. He's very accurate. Makes really good choices with his passing. Trying to keep that motivation up for his side. They almost have that moment when they thought they had a penalty only for it to be overturned. Up in the air from White. Battling Isvardi. Justin. One last chance here for Leicester. And they're going to get a free kick as well. A foul from Saliba. Feels like the first free kick he's given away for Arsenal. It was Arsenal career. Short Arsenal career so far. And it just gets drawn into this a little bit. It's only a bit lazy. Just leans in. Needs to just continue that run and just show Justin into the corner flag. But gives Leicester a little opportunity here just before half-time. Arsenal have to concentrate. What can Maddison produce here? Not the best free kick in the world. And there's half-time. Leicester started brightly but then this man took over. Gabriel Jesus. His first two goals for the club. On his Emirates debut. Leicester did have the chance to reduce the arrears when they... So no changes from either side in his second half. And the Arsenal fans will be hoping from an attacking point of view there'll be no changes in their approach. Because at times, he looked very good indeed. But there were just a few moments in that first half where Leicester had the opportunity to get Vardy in behind. As Maddison is bumped to the ground by Partey. And James Maddison had quite a few of those opportunities to play Vardy in. That one chance where Vardy got there before Ramsdale but then seemed to have initiated the contact with Ramsdale. But Leicester go another game away from home without a clean sheet. I'll tell you what, I've seen the difference in Martinelli's intensity in shutting the ball down. Now whether that is impacted by Jesus and how hard he works as an executive, or whether it's just the way he's played and how hard he works as an example of an attacking player. But the shift in Martinelli in the first half and the start of the second half and how he's pressing is really noticeable. And in a World Cup year, an interesting dynamic as well. Jesus and Martinelli on that side. There's always competition on the Brazil side. Justin chasing after this but just running out of play in the end. James Justin will hope to be in the mix for England come the World Cup. Brendan Rodgers, we have said to his side at half-time there were times that they looked good defensively but also times they looked a little bit shaky at the back. Defence has been an issue for Leicester. Defence has been an issue for Leicester. White's trying to launch that one towards Jesus. Jaka. Zinchenko. It's really wide this time. Jaka making another of those forward runs and he'll win a corner as well. Box-to-box Granit Jaka today. I think the party playing that holding role has just given him the freedom a little bit more, Granit Jaka, to arrive in the opposition box and make those runs. I have to say he's done it very, very well so far in this game. Arsenal corner. Jesus lurking again in that six-yard box. Ward. There's a foul on Wales International there. An easy decision for Darren England to make. It's good goalkeeping. Strong gets a good fist on that ball. Jaka just jumps into him and bumps him. You say that again? It's a small pub. Straight out of play from Ward who's frustrated with himself. He's made some good saves in this game so far. Danny Ward. It's very hard to emulate the distribution that Kasper Schmeichel had. He was amazing with the ball at his feet and out of his hands. His kicking and accuracy. Absolute world class at times. Another man who we expect to be at the World Cup. Wales' first World Cup since 1958. Wales' first World Cup since 1958. Here's Gabriel. Pointing to Sinchenko where he wants him to go. Martinelli. Gabriel again. Not being pressed by Leicester. Too for him to have the ball. Here's White. Saka. And a guard to Martinelli. Does well to keep the move alive as well. It's Gabriel once more. Martinelli just run off his man for a moment there. The good in for change between Sinchenko and Jakka. It's still Jakka. He was finding Sinchenko. Leicester, get themselves out of a hole. Thielemans. Good balance but it's not easy for Leicester to work their way up the fence. It's that pressure from Martinelli again. Never giving it up. Really being physical, out of possession. I think that'll really please Mikel Arteta. So as a tackle player, he worked that hard. But the little bit of footwork from Sinchenko on the touchline there got a real reaction from the crowd. Lovely little kind of shimmy of the feet and almost a backheel really. Lovely piece of skill from that man. We talk about Jesus settling in. Sinchenko's had no problem either. Look at that for a piece of skill. A bit of skill. There's Saliba. Holding off Maddison. Partey. Losing out to Thielemans. Couldn't find his teammate. Ben White. Hopeful ball down the line. And Didi. And that's a good pass. And Maddison. And Partey making sure that he couldn't get that ball out of his feet. Maddison. I mean, I think that's just a situation where Vardy just wants, the moment he turns on that ball, Maddison, just leave that ball in behind. He has this lovely, great touch now. Play that ball in behind. As a centre-back, you do not want that ball going in there. You know Vardy's on your shoulder. Just holds onto it too long. James Maddison in the middle of the park. That's a slightly frustrated figure at the moment, James Maddison. Here's Evans. And Ward. Finding Castagna. It's not a bad ball at all from the goalkeeper. Stretching Arsenal. Saliba across. Thielemans. And Didi. There is to be another goal in this game, or the next goal in this game. Has to really need it to be theirs. That's a standard chance to get anything out of this match. Only in Arsenal are playing. To Fahner. And Evans, searching that ball forward now. Vardy trying to steal it behind. Oh, that's so unfortunate for William Saliba. Tried to cut that ball out. An own goal from the young Frenchman. He's applauded by the home support. But look at how well he started for the club. But a moment he'll want to quickly forget. Well, he's barely per foot wrong since coming into the Arsenal team. But that there was more about an own goal. We've just been put under real pressure from Leicester. Great diagonal ball. Good header back across. And he has little option but having to intervene here. If he doesn't intervene, Vardy's in. So he has to get something on this. It's just a shame he can't get a little bit more angle on that header. Just to be able to head it wider that post and out for a corner. But, you know, just shows you how quickly the game can turn. And Leicester right back in this now. Yes, Leicester certainly needed that right at the start of the second half. And a game which had a very encouraging start. And that both sides were looking dangerous. And Foz is back in that mode again with Arsenal's lead halves. And Leicester gave away a two-nil lead last weekend. And they do the reverse. Leicester had a stronger first half last week. They'll produce a stronger second half this time round if they do. They have a chance of getting something from this game. But Arsenal pushing forward, looking to respond quickly. White. And Saka. Back to White. Jesus lurking on Spiltbeck. He's at Boston's lead. Not pleasant. But behind that checker. And their response, as you can see. The ball is a medius. An error from the Leicester goalkeeper. Their new number one. Letting that ball drop. And allowing Arsenal to re-establish their two-goal advantage. The Brendan Rodgers body language says it all on the touchline. Walking back to his own bench. I mean, they've worked so hard to get back in this game, Leicester. And to concede a goal to Arsenal of this manner is such a disappointment for them. It's a real sham, Bollinger. The goalkeeper passing the ball. I don't know if there's enough communication there between him and Fofana. Fofana kind of gets in his way and just takes Danny Ward's eye off the ball. Doesn't claim it at all. And from then on, it's just a simple tap in for Granit Xhaka. That Manjey Zousto, he's in the danger area, the heart of everything. Arsenal attacking-wise all the time, but that is one to forget for the Leicester goalkeeper. A man who's made those runs all afternoon, Granit Xhaka. And he gets a reward. An Arsenal who would have been feeling a little bit shaky after Saliba's own goal. Well, for Danny Ward, we said Saliba at the moment, he won't want to remember. Likewise for the Leicester goalkeeper. Just after such a high-quality first half, we kind of start the second half with almost a little bit of a couple of shambolic errors, really. It shows you how quickly the game can turn and how two halves of football can be very different. And Arsenal on the attack again. Jesus goes down. Garnet, they're not interested. How much of a foul was that perhaps? They're having a look at the moment, the challenge on Jesus. Certainly a leg dangled out by Amartey, wasn't there? Whether or not, similar to the Vardy one, there's enough contact. Well, the check is complete. No penalty. It's always tempting as a defender. You get sidestepped like that. You just dangle your leg through and he does lift that leg as well. Amartey lifts it up into Jesus. I think Leicester believe that Fafana may have been fouled in the build-up by Xhaka. But either way, shaking the head from Jesus, you know he would have stepped up to take that penalty. Yeah, you can only think the VAR looked at it and thought there wasn't enough contact. And again, we go back to just because there's contact doesn't mean it's a penalty. There has to be sufficient contact for a player to go down. And I think Jesus is looking for that train of leg. And that's the difference in centre forward play. You've seen it in two instances in this game. Vardy looking to draw that contact. Good centre forward play. Wait for the keeper to touch you and you go down. But now with VAR, all of those kind of contacts are being reviewed in real time. That looked like a penalty. You slow it down and it doesn't. And I was really interested in how it does affect centre forwards and how they want to play the game. Yeah, key point laid out at the start of this season. But as Matthew said there, just because there's contact doesn't mean it's a foul and a penalty is going to be awarded. Dewsbury Hall. Quite the start to this second half. And a very eventful game as well. Throw in to Leicester. When you just love games like this where you feel like at any moment anything can happen, either side could score. Fafana. Castagna. Good foot there from Leicester. Tielemans. Can't get past Gabriel, but more promising from the away side. And Uri Tielemans. Who has had some standout moments for Leicester in his time with them. And better of course than that winning goal in the FA Cup final. Hoping to help his side respond again. Maddison to take this corner for Leicester City. It's a decent delivery. Dewsbury Hall. Just a bit hesitant there. Maddison wants the ball again. Zinchenko of course. And the crowd enjoying his defensive moments in particular. Leicester Fafana. Justin so frustrating for the away side. Fafana. And Castagna. Going back and wards. Calmly done in the end. A calm moment for him. What a back pass. Castagna just fired that ward. Bit of height and bounce on the ball as well. Really had to have a very sure first touch. Probably not what he wanted after that last mistake. Here's Jakka. And party out to Oerdegaard. And Saka offside. That combination between Saka and Oerdegaard. A little bit quieter on that right-hand side but shouldn't bother Arsenal too much. The left's been pretty good. Here's Saliba. Well Leicester are going to make a double change very shortly. It looks like Hassan Dakar and Dennis Pratt down there. Arsenal on the attack. Martinelli. Got away from Thielemans. Martinelli needed three Leicester players in the end to try and stop him and he still has it. Zinchenko. And he spotted a gap. And Jakka. And that's going to be a goal kick in the end. But Granit Xhaka scoring that goal for Arsenal. It's a minute and 45 seconds between the ball going in the Arsenal net and the ball going in the Leicester net. But under a minute from the restart as well. So the double change made and Uri Thielemans' match comes to an end. And Dennis Pratt back at the club. Into that midfield and it's a Marti coming off for Dakar. So a change in shape here from Leicester and Dakar came on against Brentford for a midfield player that time in Dewsbury Hall and they changed shape then and things went a bit sour after that. But Rodgers knows he needs to change things here. He needs to change things. You know, it's a bit of a roll of the dice for Brenda Rodgers bringing on Dakar. But Thielemans is probably not the game he was hoping to have against Arsenal at this moment in time with the interest that's there. It's one of those matches that you really want to try and shine in. He hasn't been able to do that today. In fact, you just mentioned with Jakka. He's the player that really has been making those runs into the box. The goal is a classic example. The sheer fact that he's in that vicinity and the way he's arriving in the box shows Mikel Arteta that he can be that player to arrive in the box and maybe even be more of a goal threat. Now Dakar. Trying to turn inside. Gabriel didn't get much change from him. Pratt. And now Maddison. Still desperately need him to conjure something here. Evans. And now it's going to be a moment of silence. Arsenal won't mind this at all. It's going to be these moments in the game where both sides will just want to calm things down in this heat. Pratt. Evans. No changes from Arsenal so far. After all that possession, it came to nothing. Zinchenko getting away from Maddison. And Partey, there's too much on that. But they are playing with confidence, these Arsenal players. Zinchenko's got real confidence with the ball, hasn't he? Playing out of every situation. Looks so well measured. Having put a foot wrong all game, it's been a really impressive start to his Arsenal career. Lost by Ndidi. Nesta rescuing the situation. Now can they get Vardy in? Saliba across. And Ramsdale, only as far as Dewsbury Hall. Maddison, that's sharp from him. Dakar, a bit of a blind pass from Dakar. Promising position snuffed down in the end. Gabriel Jesus. Oerdegaard leaving it for Partey. Jakka, Oerdegaard, Mertsen-Ellis. Now Zinchenko, plenty in the box. And they're looking at handball there, Arsenal. It's just going to be a corner. Zinchenko can't believe it. Well, it certainly was a handball. You can tell by the appeal from Zinchenko. He really knew it struck the arm. And he's got a good shot. And he's got a good shot. And he's got a good shot. And he's got a good shot. And he's got a good shot. And he struck the arm. And it was outside the box, but nonetheless, the arm's up in a bit of an unnatural position. Fourth corner for Arsenal. Taken by Martinelli. I know how Gabriel Jesus would love this ball to fall to him in the six-yard box. In goes the corner. And helped on again at that near post by Leicester player. Here's Saka. White. Now Saliba. To White again. Jesus outside the box, but that doesn't matter. Look at this. Going on! Flashes across goal. What a run. But still the move is alive. Martinelli. And White. And that comes to an end. And Leicester have a player down at the moment. But that will give a moment to reflect on what Gabriel Jesus just did. As Madison looks in a bit of pain here. Just gets caught on the way down. James Madison. Just gets a bit of a knock on the ankle, but doesn't seem too happy. He's not had the best of afternoons by his standards. He's not had the impact on the game. Which he would have liked, but... Very different to Gabriel Jesus, who for me... I mean, that move that he's just done there is absolutely ridiculous. Shows so much pace and sharpness and strength. Just to get the ball in this situation. Just ghosting past players here. Schimmy, just to stay on his feet and the strength then to get the cross in. It's just a shame nobody just gambled and anticipated that. Could have been an easy tap-in at the back post, but brilliant play from him again. Yeah, a shake of the head from the Brazilian. He's probably frustrated, that furrowed brow. Desperate for that hat-trick. Almost been a wonderful afternoon already. Two goals, very good for different reasons. That's the pick of the bunch for me. Lovely finish, but that is a real poacher's goal, isn't it? And the mistake. Saliba, the own goal. And all of a sudden, Leicester are back in this game. To be met by another mistake. I mean, that is a real howler from Danny Ward. Such a shame coming into the team. The pressure to do well. It's a big mistake he's made there. As we know in football, one individual's pain is another's gain. But Granit Xhaka getting the better of Uri Tielemans today. Good day for the Arsenal midfielder, one of their longest serving players as well. Antonio Neni's been at the club longer. And Leicester have made a change in the time. Lecce Iannaccio is coming on for Vardy. Vardy's moments in this game, being close to Saliba's own goal. And when he thought he'd won a penalty in the first half. But Iannaccio on Valesta. Another man who's pretty good when a chance is presented to him. And boos from the Arsenal fans. Vardy going off. They deemed that he tried to buy a penalty. Temporarily. It's interesting with Iannaccio, isn't it? Because he kind of stepped up and became a real force. Not last season, at the end of the season before. And then just kind of faded out again, hasn't he? And now Dakar's coming. Maddison's ball in to Iannaccio. Dakar arriving. Desperate defence from Arsenal. And a big challenge in there, I think, from White as well. Big tackle from Ben White. Really important. It's that man Dakar who's just mentioning, who's just leapfrogged Iannaccio really in the pecking order. Looking to get on the score sheet. Castagne. Maddison with time to get that cross in again. Arsenal affording the Leicester midfielder a bit of space. Now a bit of space for Gabriel Jesus. Waiting for support. Might not need it. The release is Saka. Djakka is free at the back post. Here is Bakaya Saka. And inside to Jesus. And it's wide. Nice counterattack from Arsenal. I like the way Jesus is waiting. Good head movement. Looking for his teammates. Who can he play in? See Saka wide on the right. And I thought Saka was going to go alone here, but he just doesn't. He's that little pass back into Jesus. He doesn't strike that clean leap. See from this angle, it just strikes his standing foot as he swings a right leg at it. Desperate for that hat trick. Arsenal still haven't made a change. Well, Arsenal played some lovely football in this game, but also Leicester have had opportunities to score more than once. So promising areas at least. I expect them to produce that with the players they have in this side. And Arsenal being one of them. They just... Crashing angles there with Jesus. Both players seem okay. Here's Ward. Here's Warde. Castagne. For Fafana forward, but giving it away. Martinelli. Beautiful. They've opened Leicester up here again. Jesus. Looking for Saka. Just not quite on point there, Arsenal. Some of their passing and the wavelength there on Arsenal really is noticeable. Totally different from last season, how well, how cohesive all the movement is. Maddison. Seeing a lot more of the ball in this second half. Formation change from Brendan Rodgers. Just opened up a bit more space for him. Ben White not moving freely for Arsenal at the moment at right back. Maddison. Iheanacho. On to his favoured left, lovely reverse pass. Maddison! Spaces it through. This game's not done yet. James Maddison, quiet first half. Coming to life in the second half. Five goals at the Emirates today. We just don't know what's going to happen next in this game. Nice play from Leicester. Aaron Ramsdell will be really disappointed with this. The angle really does favour the goalkeeper. You think he's got that covered. And he just smashes it between his legs. He can't get his feet together. Good little reverse pass from Iheanacho. But from that angle, Maddison, I don't think, will be expecting to score here. And the Arsenal keeper just lets that through his legs. Really unfortunate. He tries to swing that right foot to block it, but it's too late. Hits it with too much power. 3-2. Arsenal making a change at right back. Ben White going off. May have just picked up a knot during his defensive work to prevent Leicester from scoring. And Tom Iyasu is back. After his injury layoff. And so missed the opening weekend, but that's enough now to try and help Arsenal see this one through. But it's in doubt again. And Leicester will hope now they can make Arsenal sweat for a bit longer. It's easy to sweat in this weather. We are in for an interesting 15 minutes, aren't we? That's for sure. And wide a guard. Jesus. Martinelli. LINE! The goals keep on coming. At the end of today. Martinelli. The brilliant young Brazilian with a beauty. 2-2 for him. And it's 4-2 to Arsenal. And Leicester just cannot keep Arsenal sweating for too long in this game. Another quick response from the Gunners. Well, if there's one player who I really feel deserves a goal in this game, it's this man Martinelli. Arsenal brilliant in winning the ball back again. It's been a real theme of their performance today. And the confidence for him to strike this with his left foot really is good contact. It's low. It's zipped across the turf. Banging off the post is a brilliant strike from Martinelli. And the intensity in his performance today has been absolutely outstanding. He's worked his socks off. Out of possession, pressing, carrying, winning the ball back. And there's no other player on this pitch that deserves a goal more than him. It's been brilliant today for Arsenal. Well, Martinelli, exceptional young talent. Arsenal have one on the right wing and one on the left wing. Saka with a quick challenge in there. He's had to play second fiddle actually today. Rarity for him. He really has. I mean, this left side, it's a whole new dimension, isn't it? Zinchenko and Martinelli and Xhaka are all linking up. Odegaard on this side a little bit as well. Zinchenko's coming off. Standing ovation from a lot of the Arsenal supporters here. And his performance, his home debut as well. And Pierantini, big roar from the crowd as well for his entrance. And Arsenal are going to flex their depth as well. Pierantini, a different kind of ball back. Interesting reception, wasn't it? I think the supporters really letting Pierantini know it's very much a big part of this football club. And Arsenal now, surely they won't throw it away from here. He can't speak too quickly in this game. Here's Ndidi. France. And allowed to go. And here's Maddison. A bit of second half from him, but he couldn't get past Gabriel. I think the ball had just gone out of play there. There will be a corner to Leicester, but a different second half for James Maddison. He's been much more heavily involved, hasn't he? Had a bit more energy, got in good positions, looked more like the James Maddison that's going to make something happen. So he's going to take this corner for Leicester. In from Maddison. Away by Gabriel, and then flying back in again by Dewsbury Hall. Not that far away, but to think Leicester twice in this second half. They pegged Arsenal back. The first, though, 1 minute 45 it took for Arsenal to restore their two-goal advantage. And then the second time around to make it 4-2, 1 minute 41. And this was that moment for Martinelli, who won the ball back. I mean, it's been such a feature of his play. Mentioned it a couple of times. I've been so impressed with him out of possession. And I think it's the addition of Gabriel Jesus that's just rubbing off on him. He's taking that same intensity and work ethic that you see with Jesus, and he's applying it himself. Away by Ramsdale, who celebrated the goal hard as well. In that show, good challenge from Gabriel. Partey. The best pass from Partey. Big gasp from the crowd, who are expecting high standards today. They've seen some top-quality football in this game. And Erdegaard, no foul. Saka could bring it away. He's running into his own teammate there, Saka. Tomiyasu. Erdegaard, Saka. Fight on to Tomiyasu there. Gabriel Jesus actually snapped his thigh in irritation. He is so desperate to get that hat-trick, because he knows that Arteta probably wouldn't arrest him in the closing stages of games that they'd had the advantage in. Varselin again! Jesus! That was the moment for hat-trick. He's put it wide. He's put it wide. Wow. Saka with the strike. Good save from Ward. Off the chest, and like you say, Seb, this is the moment. That left foot, side foot, bang. It's got to hit the target. It hits the outside of the post. That's the moment for that hat-trick. And that would have made it the perfect hat-trick in September. Still ten minutes. And Leicester still pushing. Daka. Now then. The Kop body's waiting for the cross. Prats lurking, but it just wouldn't find him in the end. Well, Gabriel Jesus, what a day he's had so far. An eventful game so far. Shake of the head. Looking disappointed at the moment. Eddie and Ketty are waiting in the wings just to give Arsenal a fresh boost to the latter parts of the game. Well, with all the great centre-forwards we've seen at Arsenal over the last 20 years or so, to lay a marker down of a hat-trick on your home debut would have been something special. And I think that's why he's still on the pitch. Yeah, for sure. The impact it would have. Funny enough, he'd probably feel he'd come away frustrated from this game because that's the standards he'll set himself. I think he'd probably be, what, just over ten minutes left. He'd be in time for another chance at this game for sure. And we'll need time for Leicester to maybe get a point. Here's Daka. And wins the free-kick. And wins the free-kick, but Maddison not happy. He'll talk his way into a booking here. Aaron England happy for play to continue. And have looked more dangerous, Leicester, in an attacking sense since Brendan Rodgers changed his formation. But Arsenal still look very dangerous in attack. Saka. Daka. And Odegaard. Saka again. Odegaard. Tomi Asu. Odegaard into Jesus. Couldn't quite lay it back to the Norwegian. And now Leicester can break. And they're still pushing for it here. And Daka not getting the change from Saliba. And that's one of the biggest cheers of the day. That's just great. Defending is strong, it's mobile. It's aggressive, but it's not overcooking it. You're not overselling yourself. And I think he's done that very well since he's come in Saliba. He measures the amount of energy and force and commitment he puts into challenges really well. So he puts the opponent off. But it doesn't go too far that he sells himself. He gets that balance really right. And he's done it very well in this game. That was a great example of it. What about the heads from Gabriel Jesus? But he'll be bowing to the crowd as well after an excellent performance. And two goals for him. For Papaya Saka. Or the Saka and Smith Rowe chance to be done again because Emil Smith Rowe is back after injury as well. But most of the support is reserved for Gabriel Jesus, the Brazilian on debut with two goals. Chances to score a hat-trick, but he'll have plenty more chances in an Arsenal shirt, that's for sure. A very encouraging home debut for the Brazilian. And Saka off as well. And Eddie Nketiah. You can see we'll get plenty of minutes this season because Gabriel Jesus can't play every game. And there is the Smith Rowe and Saka chance. So much for Arsenal fans to be happy about today, but also moments for Leicester in this game that they will rue and regret. It's always going to be a difficult task for them. And then for Farner, wrestling and getting in the way of his goalkeeper's clearance. A miss at the back again for Leicester. And they've had a few of those this afternoon. I mean, the communication just hasn't been there, has it? Whether or not, well, for me, this is the goalkeeper. He sees the whole picture. He sees the whole play. And that call needs to be massive. It needs to be get out of my way. I'm coming. And I didn't quite see that from Danny Ward. And there was real confusion for Farner. Didn't pull out of the situation. Got to sort that out, Leicester. And they had more goals later on here, Arsenal. The corner going. Well, it dropped to Partey. But it's wide. For all the world, it looked as though that was going to miss it in the net. It's off the post as well, isn't it? I think it's off the thigh of Tielemans. The ball's going in. It hits Tielemans, then hits the post. Goes wide. So sending it back in again. Smith-Rowe. Back to Saliba. Tomiyasu. He's going for a yell out on that right wing for a moment. Said no thanks. Jakka. And Ketty has made a good run. Jakka couldn't find it. Brown chasing after this ball. Iannaccio gets there first. And Maddison up with him. So is Dakka. Iannaccio. Maddison got his feet all wrong in the end. Maybe the pass was a bit too much. But not to be. But a good chance for Thomas Pate at the other end. Well, this is the one, isn't it? The scramble. Another set piece that isn't quite dealt with by Leicester. And that's the little clip off the post. I think it comes off Tielemans. Nice swivel from Pate on the turn. Hits it. Hits Tielemans. And skims the post. Well, Pate with that chance. Scored in the last meeting between these two sides of the Emirates. You know, very important figure for Arsenal at the base of that midfield. Well, Leicester did have their moments in the second half. Twice. They reduced the arrears to one goal. Only to see Arsenal strike straight back. Gabrielle in the way. Jakub. He's had a good game for Arsenal. Erdogan. Tierney. For him to push forward very much. And over the top. Tierney. For him to push forward very much. And overlapping full-back here in Tierney. Riquetier. And Pate with a loose pass. Sold. Gabrielle short. But Arsenal do win the free kick in the end. A little bit fortunate there. It's not at times. They've played some brilliant football today, Arsenal. It's been a sparkling performance really, hasn't it? And I think Alateta must just be delighted with his team. Very animated on the touchline. Really getting into this game. Getting a bit of a workout on actually. While he's dying about the technical area. And the amount of energy that his players have put into their performance today. All clipped in by Jakub. And Gabrielle stretching for it. He was free. Just couldn't quite reach it. Got a nine for goal though, Gabrielle. Nicely worked set piece. Just dinking it over the top. Unexpected really. To think that Gabrielle was going to try and make that little run in behind. But very nearly came off. And Ketia, the right-sided for Pardner. And Ketia pushed away by Walsh. Almost fell to Martinelli. And this could be a booking for Tomi Asu. No doubt about that one. Just gets a bit tight. Tomi Asu keen to put the pressure on. At the moment, Jusby Hall just flicks that round the corner. He's always struggling to get back in. Cynical foul. Definitely a yellow card. Japanese a very popular player at Arsenal. Hasani Pablonia. Last summer, at the end of the transfer window. And there's not long left of the transfer window now. But the way Arsenal have played today. Have to go some to find players to improve this side. The City fans will be hoping the club just makes a outfield signing. Five minutes to be added on here. Madison winning a free kick. The fans desperate for more goals. Martinelli penalised. Who is that winning the ball back again as well? Martinelli. It's been a massive feature of his game and of Arsenal's game in fact. We can talk about how well they've done with the ball. The interchanging. The little patterns and partnerships all over the pitch and one-twos. But the midfield and the front three. Our possession in terms of pressure and winning the ball back had been excellent today. That's your trying to steal him from the free kick. Erdogan slipping. Getting away with it. And lovely control. Tierney. And a catch here. Oh, did he hold his knee off? Well, he did hold his man off, but wasn't too much malice in it from Eddie Nketiah. Madison should be okay. I think he's just looking for him, isn't he, Nketiah? The ball's held up and he knows the contact's coming. He just drops his shoulder into Madison and I don't think it's particularly bad. But you'd have to say it's probably just off the ball. The referee's looked at that and thought he's obstructed Madison in dealing with that. Well, Arsenal were hoping to start both of their first two games with a clean sheet for the first time since the 1970s. But the crowd has been entertained in any case. Three points is all that matters. With header in there from Saliba and a free kick. You can never say never in what's been a very eventful afternoon, but I think Arsenal feel the points are safe now. Matthew would say. A couple of minutes left. He'll be delighted. Be careful. Here's Tierney. Gabriel. Tierney to Jakka. Point game there. Pofana is there. Picked up by Partick. Tomiyasu. Erdogan wants that ball played. And he gets it now. It's their one final moment for Arsenal. Tierney. First time ball in! Should go up. Fugeti didn't look offside. Or didn't know that and kept him out in any case. Just another solid example of Arsenal's play and understanding. Odegaard pulling strings to clear offside. But Tierney hits the first time ball. He can't do much more unless they actually kept a really high line. Fabian Fetzer offside. Still at least a minute to play. Partick. Here's Dakar. Looking for Iheanacho. Aggressive defending from Gabriel. And Smithrow. Might hold on to the ball. Bustling style of his. Maddison looking for Dakar. That wasn't bad at all. Ramsdale out. A real clash of heads there. Tierney and Dakar. Dakar flicked that ball. So did Tierney. Just put his head onto it. You could tell straight away. He'll hope here in Tierney. And indeed Dakar get back to their feet. Tierney is back to his feet but Dakar is still down. But they have enjoyed themselves today. A couple of nervy moments at times but going forward they've looked fantastic Arsenal at times. And four goals. Marking that out. They've come so close to Champions League football last season. Pressures on Arteta to get it to the top four this time round but things looking good in the early stages. Don't forget they lost their first three matches. They were at the bottom of the Premier League table a year ago. And they're near the top this time round. It is of course early stages. Pats and Dakar being checked off the pitch at the moment.