 So the players go take the knee. The first round of fixtures where that hasn't happened. And it's immediately come forward down that side towards Anthony Gordon. And there's the first team defending over there for Tyrone Lings to do, who gets a nice round of the first thing a whole time. It was a significant decision that one, Lucy, when we saw the team sheet today. Yeah, it was. I think he's been struggling with a groin injury. So I think there's probably more added to it in the media than what was expected. Obviously, he's lost the captaincy. And, you know, sometimes as a manager, you just don't fancy a player for whatever reason. But he's given Mings the opportunity today to come and play as well as he know he can. That's the first chance for Danny Ings to run. And now he finds support here from the Aston Villa right back, Matty Cash. Yep, there probably will be drinks the first quarter. I think we'll see high energy. I know it's warm, but both teams disappointing starts of the season. We want to put it right here, particularly Villa being a hub. I haven't won enough games here under Steven Gerrard. Well, Everton's problems away from Goodison Park are well documented. So maybe something has to give today. Defending Septicis was the Achilles heel for Villa at Bournemouth. They'll try and capitalise from one here with John McGinn. Swing and a good ball in. And that was a good opportunity very early in there for Aston Villa with Diego Carlos. Really good ball in. And actually, he got himself right in front of his marker. Should have done better, I would say. It was early on in the game. It's the sort of a free header he's got over. He will be. Quite relieved that that goes over the bar. You can see how annoyed he was. It's going to be interesting today to see how the Everton factory settlers down. Ben Godfrey and Yerry Mena both injured last weekend. So, Connor Cody straight in. James Tarkovsky along with Mason Holgate making up that unit. So it's something to keep an eye on. Of course, the big challenge for Everton today is to score goals without Dominic Calvert-Lewin. We'll see how the front three are able to manage up there. Anthony Gordon predominantly through the middle with Damari Gray off one side and Dwight McNeil off the other. There's Jacob Ramsey. It's a really enterprising run down that side from Ramsey. A good defending in the end from Holgate, who had to be patient. And in the end, ended up timing the tackle really well. Again, now catch. It's been a good start. It's from Aston Villa. Anthony Gordon gets the ball out towards Dwight McNeil. And then out there to the right wing back, Nathan Patterson, Scotland international side from Glasgow Rangers last season. Holgate letting the ball run out of play for the throw-in. From Ramsey. And that's what they need. In the shape that Villa are playing, they need those wide centre midfielders to get themselves forward. We've seen so much from Ramsey, but they had to get that right. Holgate is coming. He's got a chance to just nail that position down for Everton. Really well there. By Watkins towards Ings. Controlled away by Tarkovsky. Out here towards the Ukraine international, Mikhalenko. Villa haven't lost against Everton in the six Premier League games since promotion. Everton's last win against Villa was six years ago. Bearing in mind the pair often lost on the opening weekend, there's a little bit more on it for both of them today. It's always good for a team to get that first victory on the board, especially teams who want to try and progress up the Premier League table this season. Villa are a work in progress. Gerrard has got the transfers he wants. It's about picking his best team, his best XI. And it's not always the best players that make that best XI. He likes to play two up front at home, and that's what he's done today. Coutinho is one of his major signings. He's the one that he wants to turn up because everything creative will go through him. So, if you'll bring down the left-hand side from Ramsey, the second one we've seen from him so far in the game. Luka Dean against his old side, able to squeeze in the cross. His former teammate, Mason Holgate, there to get the ball away. They're so important to Aston Villa, aren't they? Dean down the left and Matty Cash down the right. That's where the spaces are. I've just noticed Everton on losses of possession, they're struggling. But twice now, the first time they got a corner from Ramsey's runner, and then they're just struggling on those losses. And they need to be careful and make sure they have the numbers. John, they've been trying to find Luka Dean down that left-hand side. It's the 209th meeting today of the previous 208 matches between the two clubs. Villa lead the head-to-head by only one. 77 wins to Everton's 76. Mason Paterson over there to take the throw in. It has a little bit of a quirky statistic that I think only he could claim. That he played for four different Champions League winners in the space of four months. Steven Gerrard and Giovan Broncos at Rangers, and then Rafa Benitez and Frank Lampard at Everton. I wouldn't have thought there's anybody else in world football who can claim that one, Lucy. Superb start, and he is looking bright. We've seen him last week as well, looking bright, getting forward. Paterson well advanced. Cleared away for Villa by Diego Carlos. There's switched sides today. Tyrone Ming's a left-sided centre-back, so Diego Carlos on the right. There was one thing that Steven Gerrard said when he signed him, that he's happy to play on either side as a central defender, which gives him a fair deal of flexibility. Yeah, it obviously looks a lot more balanced now, but it's not just about building up play and the passing angle. It's about when you go out and defend with your proper foot. I know that Tyrone Ming's looked a little bit loose in the inset pieces. He will be there for that. Safal by Cash. And Damari Gray. Important players for different teams, and Gray on the counter for Everton. He'll have to come to the ball. Recently spilled in the Premier League for eight months, Damari Gray. Frank Lampard made history on this ground. His two goals in May 2013 for Chelsea made him the club's all-time leading scorer, so it's a place that holds fond memories for him. You can just see in the background there, Amadou Onana, the young player that they signed recently from Lille. Not quite fit enough to be in the starting line-up at the moment for Everton, but certainly part of things today on the substitute stretch. Chonky picks out a nice ball from McNeil, who quickly tried to turn it on. Did Damari Gray pass with the initial interception, and then Tyrone Ming's able to clear his lines. That's nice and firm, that's from Tartofsky, early test of the fit. And you've got to say the Everton captain in England, number one, took it well. Doesn't want too many of those, though. No, but you know what? He didn't seem bothered, did he? Just dealt with it. People have to be so good with their feet nowadays, and he's one of the better ones. Watkins challenge there by Holgate, but he's left the space here for Jacob Ramsey. Watkins on the run into the middle. Crossed in by Luka Dean, and the bluff made it comfortable for Jordan Dickford. The big problem there for Jacob Ramsey, there was no-one in the box to cross it too early. And he's made that run into the vulnerable area that Everton have got behind the wing-backs. Yes, they want the wing-backs to go forward, but on losses, they have to get back to the back. And protect that area. I think it's one of those days, Lucy, where the players' fitness will be under the microscope. They tend to say that it takes four or five league matches to get fully sharp. It's very, very hot here today. It's going to be a physical test as much as anything for the 22 out there at the moment. Yes, it certainly is, and there will be lows within play like there is now. At home, they want to come out high intensity. They started the game well, but cannot keep that open. Everton will try and soak pressure and hit on the breaks. It's about choosing your moments. Too many options. Too many options there for Matty Cash. So, he's back inside here to one of the new signings, Dhudhikar Kamara. We came from Marseille. So, he's a bit too far in front of Luka Dean. It's interesting when you think about the makers of the Everton squad, because there was a thought last season that they might need a bit more leadership. And Frank Lampard's gone out and signed two Premier League captains on free transfers in James Tarkovsky and Connor Cody, and that's got to be huge for them. Yes, not just on the pitch as well, probably more so off the pitch, and how they lead that dressing room. Lampard can't do everything. As a manager, you're managing people, and part of that is getting leaders in the dressing room and sorting the group out. A fancy challenge by Jordan. Whilst we picked up the pieces, Michael Oliver eventually decides there's no advantage. I think it's pretty clear what the areas to improve have to be for these two clubs this season. Aston Villa need to win more games here at Villa Park, and Everton need to be better away from home. Yes, I think that Everton will be pleased with the defensive shape from last week. Obviously, until Albert Lewin comes back or they regroup, then scoring goals may be a problem. If you get yourself flying at home, as far as Villa are concerned, then it really gives you a platform. Daniel Ramsey. Anthony Beardley is the only player to play in every match under Frank Lampard since he arrived at Goodison Park. Tyrone Mings, lovely to pick out the ball for Watkins, and Watkins takes it well. Aston Villa with bodies forward here, although Coutinho couldn't quite get the ball under control. It's a really nice pass, though, from back to front by Tyrone Mings. Watkins. On by Kamara, down goes Cash, Michael Oliver. I think he wants to have a word with Matty Cash. The referee's initial decision there was that there was nothing in it. He was holding his shirt, wasn't he, Cash? But he was outside the area, fell into the area. The assistant on this side has got a good view as well. That's the area. Villa are attacking that area. You can see the hand on the shirt there is outside the area. Also has to be a clear and obvious error by the referee. Andy Madley did take a look at it, but has announced the check is over. So nothing doing there. But it's been noticeable early on that both Cash down the right and the left are playing very high up the pitch for Aston Villa. Yeah, they're targeting Everton in those areas on regains and struggling at times with that. That's a foul by Gordon and Lupe B. A painful one as well for the French international left-back. Anthony Gordon for Everton, just a little bit over the top. Just reaching with a challenge on Luka Dean. You can see there, it's more of that left-hand side. It's Luka Dean and it's Jacob Ramsey going up and beyond the strikers. Forward by Mason Holgate. That's been rather a lot down that side of Dwight McNeil. Simon Mings across for Aston Villa. It's difficult for the front three of Everton. No real cohesion because of the lack of focal point. Dynamic, obviously has to come from Gordon in those central areas, but big pressure on him as a young player. Tarkovsky started the opening game of the season with Ben Godfrey and Yerry Mina with him in the back three. Today it's Connor Cody and Mason Holgate. Two players lost on the opening day of the season. It's still a few weeks until we'll see Dominic Calvert-Lewin back in the Everton team as well. We understand. Aston Villa are so narrow, it just allows Holgate to go wider as the right, centre back, and just try and stretch Villa out, get down the side. And it's a bit of a tricky game for Holgate. I think it's going to be tough to get back in the back three, but I think it's a good game. We're going to see a lot of good football. I think it's going to be a good game. We're going to see a lot of good football. I think it's going to be a good game. The right centre back and just try and stretch Villa out, get down the sides. Alex Iwodi. He couldn't quite make it stick. Kasplen's in with a challenge. Ramsey finding Coutinho. He's been on the edge of the game so far. I haven't seen a great deal of Aston Villa's playmaker, their number 23. Here's Kamara. On by Coutinho. Walcott for Luka Dean. In the end, there's time over there for Paterson to get the ball under control. McNeil can play it forward now towards Gordon. That's a nice turn. Decore sprinting through the middle. Gordon's going to test his pace over there against Tyrone Minks, who used his body well, or he thought he'd used his body well. What's Michael Oliver decided to do here? Yeah, I'm not sure. It's holding his face, Gordon, but I'm not sure that it was across his face. It's like an arm across the chest on first look. It's across his neck. It's across his neck. But he kept going there. He probably had the run on Tyrone Minks. Just caught him just as he pulled his hand away. I can see the reaction there of Frank Lampard, but Michael Oliver didn't see anything wrong with that at all. I think he just stopped the game just to check on how Anthony Gordon was. Must be feeling the pressure, though, today, Tyrone Minks. He's been spoken about so much this week. Had to start the opening weekend on the bench. And of course, you're at home now, and you've been given the opportunity by your manager, so you've got to step up and perform. Absolutely. I would suspect that it won't faze him. He's an experienced player. He's used to playing here and getting success here in terms of winning games. But it's quite a cute move from Steven Gerrard, because all the talk's been about Minks. So he's put him out there. Go and perform. Go and show us what you can do. Luka Dient, into Danny Ings. Here's Ramsey. Ings looking to switch it out towards Kash on this side. It was well spotted, though, by Mikhalko. Good shape, that 5-4-1. Everton, we talk about continuing up and falling down. Difficult for him to get space. As the 10, you've got to arrive in the space rather than be stood in it. And the space between the lines is really compact because of the way Everton have set up. Heading towards the first drinks break here, which is going to be welcome for the players. Kash coming forward here from right back for Aston Villa, supported by McGinn. Clearance made there for Everton by Tarkovsky. Up goes Kamara to win his header. Mikhalko sees the clearance charged down by Kash. Given away then by Tarkovsky to Kamara. They've been dominating the ball at the moment, but as Lucy says, they're a difficult team to break down at the moment. Everton, very well organised and lots of players in rigid defensive positions. Watkins, McGinn. Dermot McNeil this time back there helping out. They're giving the ball away, Everton, but they get it back again. But they're nice and sound so far. As they're waiting, they're saying to the home team, so if you can get passes and then we'll try and work on the counter. Have to be better with passes, though. Kash White fancy taking on Mikhalko here. Rolls it back now to McGinn. Luka Dean towards Olly Watkins. A challenge made in there by Mason Holgate. He didn't get the foul. Here's Ramsey. Good defensive work over there by Dwight McNeil. He's having to drop it and help out on that side. Sometimes the line is sick to the back when he drops and gets back with Luka Dean. Ramsey to Coutinho and then flicks in towards Ings who's trying to spin. It's just a little nudge there on the back of Mason Holgate, who I think was hoping it came and was waiting for it. He got his body in a good position. Holgate wanted to feel any sort of touch. There was a click of the heels, as well as a hand in the back, but it's an easy foul to give away. Just need to keep the patience, Villa, when they do have the ball in those areas. Robinson have only won one of their last 17 away games in the Premier League. If you flip that round, Aston Villa have won two of their last 12 league matches and only four of 14 here at Villa Park. Off goes McNeil and across came Tyrone Mings just to make sure that Gordon couldn't get onto the ball inside the Aston Villa box. Kind of emphasises just how they've struggled away from home. Everton, of course, it was the former Goodison Park last season, roared on by their tremendous support that ended up keeping them in the Premier League. It's an ultimate match of the season against Crystal Palace. They've got that link between the fans and the club again. Frank Lampard, probably the most important thing he did, and it cheered them on, didn't it? To get themselves out of relegation trouble. Vitali Mikhelenko. Damari Gray, tackled by Koutsounia. Once he's tackled by Gordon, here's Decore. And now McNeil promising this for Everton. Damari Gray needed to be a better ball. Gray's done well to keep it in. McNeil and the block made by Diego Carlos, but that could have been so much better for Everton. It was well won. Bodies up the pitch, stole the ball back, and it's a good ball initially, but that ball has to be better from McNeil. It was on side, but it has to be in his path so he can shoot first time. They haven't got forward that much in this first 20 minutes or so, so they have to do better with the ball. Aston Villa struggled to defend set pieces at Bournemouth last weekend. We'll see how they do here. Damari Gray's out to take the corner. Tarkovsky's gone forward with Holgate. It's off of Villa head that went right across the six-yard box. It was Diego Carlos who got the initial touch. I think it might actually have been Danny Ings. He flashed across, and that was almost a problem again for Aston Villa from the corner. Patterson with the cross, Mings jumping and heads it behind. Terrific defending from Tyrone Mings. It's one thing you expect from him getting first touch in a corner, but the little flick on from Ings actually helped Everton as the ball came across. Just puts his team in a position. It's a good job that Diego Carlos was where he was, wasn't it, from an Aston Villa perspective. So it'll be Dwight McNeil now from the other side. Tarkovsky looking to make his presence felt in there. And it's a header down again, and it's scrambled in! And the final touch from Anthony Gordon, and the offside flag up to end the celebration. Yeah, I think it was Gordon that was in an offside position, but I think it was Luca Dean might have been playing him on as the ball just got headed back. He got a touch on it, but in the end I think it got put in by Matty Cash. He tried to clear the ball, but it's just whether Luca Dean is playing Gordon on in the middle. Well, I'm not sure who he's calling. It might well be the VAR because he's taking a look at it. Andy Madley. What you would say, though, Lucy, that's two corners that Villa have had to defend, and neither of them they've dealt with very well at all. Yeah, they've not got a firm first contact to it, and Everton have got bodies around. Luca Dean there, where his foot is, I think that may be playing Anthony Gordon on, but that's where we'll see the lines. It's difficult to see. We're watching it now. So the crowd have been informed as to what the situation is here, and the check is complete. So Andy Madley, the VAR, concurs with the assistance flag, and the Everton goal is wiped off. But there are a couple of warnings there for Aston Villa from corners as the players go to take the first drinks break of the match. There'll be a bit of relief there on the Villa bench for Steven Gerrard in particular. Yeah, I think a bit of positivity for Everton. They've been under pressure for a lot of the probably 25 minutes, but Villa, just those first couple of corners just cause problems. That's the VAR freeze. Suppose that's quite wide in VAR terms. You've seen that the line's a lot narrower than that. Yeah, I think you could see that, probably with the naked eye, that Gordon had just gone a little bit forward. You knew he was behind Kash, but it was just Luca Dean. So welcome refreshments for the players. We've got AC Milan against Udinese today from half past five on BT Sport 2. From half past seven, you can see Lecce against Inter Milan on BT Sport 1. And we're going to be broadcasting all 10 matches live from the opening weekend of the Serie A season this weekend. And there's a couple of European dates to point you towards in midweek. Rangers play a big game against Inter Milan on BT Sport 2. And there's a couple of European dates to point you towards in midweek. Rangers, PSV Eindhoven, the first leg of their Champions League playoff on Tuesday at 7.15 on BT Sport 1 and Ultimate. And the UEFA Europa Conference League playoff, which is not quite that easy to say, between West Ham and Weiborg is on Thursday at 7.15 on the same channels. Bit of a tongue twister, but there you go. Stephen Gerrard in the shirt and tie today. Frank Lampard's gone for the short sleeves, the polo top. Two men who know each other so well, of course. They played together for England 59 times. They're friends off the pitch. They worked together for a season with us here. Similar ages, played some massive games either with each other or against each other. And this one is important for them both today as well. Both of them working out that managing is quite the same as playing. You're not just going to think about yourself, you're going to think about every single person within that squad and how each affects the other and get the best 11 out of it. But certainly, look at some terrific experience. Danny Yates found half a yard to turn. He's got support here from Ollie Watkins. Iwobi got a foot in. They defended well there in attack, really. Everton, two and three, had it going. In the end, it was Tarkovsky who got the boot in to get the ball away. John McGinn towards Dhubhakar Kamara. Masi Cash. Fings. And in the corner, defended over there for England by Mikulenko. Villa fans are urging the team to get hold a little bit quicker, but I think it's the energy sapping out there and they're trying to be a little bit more measured in the build-up. So the Villa captain, John McGinn, out to take the corner in Villa Park, bathed in sunshine today. It's a nice deep one because they thought they might have Coutinho free as well, defended in actual fact by Nathan Paterson. And that's a foul. Might well be a yellow card as well for Felipe Coutinho. Certainly got some energy down that right-hand side. Paterson, make sure he runs in that shaded panel. Coutinho, not going to let him get any further, but that's the dynamic, isn't it, in this Everton team, in the wing-backs, particularly on that right-hand side. Never lost a Berseyside derby. Felipe Coutinho played in nine of them, scored in three. Never ended up on the losing side for Liverpool. Back in direct competition with Everton today. Pinched back for the top is by Damari Gray, but that's great defensive work by Matty Cash, who's turned into a really good all-rounder in the Premier League. He was regarded as a good attacking threat when he came here, but defensively he's got so much better. He stuck to his pass there as well. He just made a stray pass in and had to recover. On by Cash, cleared away by Tarkovsky. Gray gets it to Iwowi. It's a handball, free kick to Everton. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. And it's a goal. Handball, free kick to Everton. Kamara's header. Watkins tried to get there, but he was beaten to it by Tarkovsky. Here's Decore. Alex Iwowi seems nice and comfortable as a central midfield player, doesn't he, alongside Decore? What a work in there for Everton. McNeil turned straight into John McGinn, who quickly wants to try and release Ollie Watkins. Danny Ings and Coutinho coming in. Watkins pulls it back. Danny Ings took it away from Coutinho, but he gets the second stop. Something finished from Danny Ings. And Aston Villa lead Everton by one goal to nil. And Aston Villa lead Everton by one goal to nil. It looked as though the initial chance might have gone, but he took the tuck to take it away from Coutinho. But he did not make up with it, with a fantastic left-footed finish. That's brilliant by Villa. First time in a while that they've found Everton out of shape. Everton had committed on his forward. McNeil had lost it in the middle, and then that first pass is so important, because that then isolates Tarkovsky. And Watkins did really well. Like you say, Darren, it looked like the attack had just broken down there. Such is a goalscorer of Ings' quality, that he thinks, right, I'm going to make sure this ends up in the back of the net. A superb from Villa. Fantastic finish from Danny Ings. He got seven goals last season. He's now scored against Everton for four different clubs, Burnley, Liverpool, Southampton, and Aston Villa. And it's not that long ago that he scored 22 goals in a Premier League season. He's a fantastic finisher when he's on his game. And he took that quite superbly. And it was going to take something special, I think, to break down this very well-organised and stubborn Everton back line. But that's going to settle one or two nerves here, and maybe just give Aston Villa that little bit more confidence in their attacking play. Yeah, well, Everton had that 5-4-1 shape, difficult to break down, but McNeil loses it centrally, a couple of bodies beyond the ball, and Villa then attacked quickly, and that was the key to that goal. Everton have a problem here with Abdoulaye Ducouré, so I think they might need to make a change. I think Tom Davis is getting himself ready. That kind of tells you the fitness levels of Amadou Onana at the moment. Tom Davis just on his way back as well at the moment. But it looks like another injury here for Frank Lampard and Everton when you think they lost Godfrey Amina last week against Chelsea, Dominic Calvert-Lewin in pre-season, and now Ducouré limping off as well. It's been tough for them in terms of players going down injured in the early weeks of the season. It certainly is, and they rely on Ducouré and his energy. He's been transformed to a box-to-box midfielder. When you do rely on players, Onana, obviously, like you say, is not up to match fitness, otherwise he would be the first on. But an opportunity for Davis. Well, let's have a look at the goal again. It was superbly finished by Danny Ings. Yeah, a lot is said about playing these two together, Watkins and Ings, and it looked like the chance had gone, but it's that touch wide. It just took three defenders out, and by that stage, Pickford is unsighted, isn't he? And such power gets it in the back of the net. Terrific finish from Ings. First Aston Villa goal of the season, scored by their number nine, Danny Ings. I think, looking at Everton and their shape, when you play a back three and a two in central midfield, you make really good decisions when you lose possession, and Everton did really then. So, Tom Davis on for Abdoulaye Ducouré. Everton 1-0 down. They're pretty good when they score the first goal in a match. Aston Villa. You see Gerrard's reaction when they scored, and even though it's the second game of the season, he will feel under pressure at a big club like Villa to get them going. He's got the players in he wants. Getting the momentum going again. That's Vitaly Mikhalenko. The flag's down at the moment against Dwight McNeil. And it goes up. I think there are too many people in world football who actually think this is a good idea. No, I think everybody in the stadium has just waited. Just going through the motions. It actually is quite tight, so... I'll take that back. It's actually a really well-timed run. In general. OK. Yeah. He'll watch that back tonight and think, I was right. He's been away by Connor Cody. He made his Liverpool debut as a substitute for one of the players he's up against today, Felipe Coutinho, back in 2013. Seven years at Wolves. Frank Lampard snapped him up straight away when he realised that he was going to be a substitute. He snapped him up straight away when he realised that he was available. He said it took about five minutes to do the character checks this week. He already knew the answers before he made the phone calls. I think that's what he's looking at as well, with players coming in, personality's so important. Cody's specialist in that central of a back three. Coutinho's done well. Now there's space for Watkins. Offended well by Tarkovsky, but Coutinho's got it back again. Tarkovsky was needed once more. Tyrone Minx. That's what I meant by losses. One ball forward then, back three of Everton were exposed, and that's not what they want. They need to be covered by the two central midfielders in front. Jacob Ramsey supported by Luka Dean. Tyrone Minx onto the Brazilian Diego Carlos. You can see the problems though, Lucy, that defensively they're fine. They've got Everton, they've got the organisation right. But when they do get the ball, with the attackers that they're lacking at the moment, they're finding it really difficult to put Aston Villa under any real pressure in open play. Yeah, I mean, Anthony Gorda's a ball progressor, but there isn't really a focal point to play into and then get the units up the pitch, and they have struggled with that. Something they'll try and address. They'll try and bring a striker in if they can find one. Tatterson breaking things up on that side, and now here's McNeil. One back for Villa by Kevara. It's a shrewd bit of business, isn't it, Kevara? Free transfer from Marseille. Still only 22. Part of the French international set-up as well. Two talented young midfielders in there for Aston Villa and Jacob Ramsey and Boubacar Kamara. He picks up good positions, he drops deep between the two centre-backs, faces the press and passes the ball well. Good start from him. Ronnie Watkins on the run. It was a nice ball to find him by Cash. Defended though well by Connor Cody. He then collides with his England team-mates and captain Jordan Pickford. It's probably a bit more nervousness for players who aren't in at the outset, players who want to be in Gareth Southgate's squad. Probably the same feelings for Connor Cody when he was on the bench for Wolves last weekend that Tyrone Mings would have been feeling with Aston Villa. They want to be playing. There's not that many match rounds until the World Cup, and then it's straight into the World Cup, so they have to be playing well. Whatever you've done in the past, I'd say the one's on the fringes, but Cody wants to play old-fashioned, just wants to come in and get the minutes for the Southerton team. Cody looking long. It's a ball that wins the throw-in in an advanced position for Everton. The ball challenged by Mings. It does well on that side for Aston Villa. The play is a bit more nervous, but they've got it. It's a ball that wins the throw-in. Aston Villa have to come in and get the minutes for the Southerton team. It's a ball that wins the throw-in. It's a ball that wins the throw-in in an advanced position for Everton. The play is a bit more nervous, but they've got it. The ball challenged by Mings. It does well on that side for Aston Villa. The Wooden Challenge by Mings, who does well on that side for Aston Villa. Davis dispossessed by Coutinho. Kamara working hard, he's got two to contend with, Damari Gray and Dwight McNeil. And he's snucked away for Villa by Mings. The three forwards for Everton are basically three-wingers and they have to cause more problems to that back four of Aston Villa. To pick up good positions, it's difficult for them, but they have to do it. Jacob Ramsey to Felipe Coutinho, who's gone a little bit deeper to try and become involved in the match. He was higher up earlier in the first half, he's never really been able to get on the ball consistently. The runs of Ollie Watkins have been important for Aston Villa in this first half. We'll talk about the spaces behind Everton's wing-backs, even when they're a back five, they're a little bit square and flat. So his runs in that right channel have been very, very good. Simeone's back heel not working, the one to Gray. Davis. Now Mikalenka. It's been a very quiet first half here for Emi Martinez, the Aston Villa goalkeeper. It's Cody. Gray lays the ball off to Holgate. Mikalenka. McNeil. Iwobi. Defended for Villa by Cash. Gordon gives it away straight to Watkins. Davis with the foul and the substitute gets the yellow card as well. It's actually a really important foul for Everton because Villa just encouraging Everton onto them and then hit them on the break and that's exactly what Watkins was going to do. Davis just making sure that that didn't happen. This team can get back into some sort of defensive shape. Still only 23, Tom Davis, seems like he's been around forever. Playing through the academy, touring the club as an 11-year-old and he's been needed today with the injury in the first half to Abdoulaye Dekoré. Luka Deeb. Runway through for Ramsey. Made away for Everton by Holgate. Here's Coutinho. Final 90 seconds of the first half. The high point being the goal scored by Danny Ings for Aston Villa. Ramsey challenged over there by McNeil. Ramsey able to get the ball back again after Anthony Gordon's pass failed to find the target. They've been better when they regained possession than Everton have. They've not managed to just connect more than one or two passes. It's a big challenge in the second half for Frank Lampard to try and get some attacks put together, try and get some threat towards the Aston Villa goal. They've only really threatened from set pieces so far in the first half and they've found those difficult to come by as well. It's about how they get around the goal and found it difficult. Luka Deeb sends in the cross. Matty Cash is going to be the closest to it. Diego Carlos. John McGinn. It's been tackled by Irodi. He's got no real option forward. Gordon manages to ride the challenge of Coutinho. He did well there for Everton. Tatterson likewise managing to keep the possession when the ball was a little bit short. It's a nice touch by Uovi at full stretch as well. Uovi with the ball in. Tyrone Minks misses the header. And Dhruvikar Kamara with a vital clearance there for Aston Villa. Almost became a tap-in for Damari Gray. It's a big chance. Big chance for Everton. Just a lack of concentration in the air. They loosely built the attack up and a hopeful ball into the middle really. Lands at Gray's feet and he couldn't do better than that. Over the top of Minks who couldn't get his head on it. That's exactly what you want your holding midfielder to do. The centre-back misses it. Get the ball away. Frank Lampard disappointed. But they have got the corner, Everton. It's going to be Dwight McNeil to take it from that side. Tarkovsky is in there. Cody's in there. So is Holgate. And it's gone all the way through again. And it's not cleared first time. And then Davis went for the acrobatic shot which he didn't connect with. They're going to check a potential penalty in there as well. So clearly Andy Madley spotted something. The video assistant referee. But again it's another corner that comes into the Aston Villa box and they can't cope with it. And there's two or three Everton touches on it. I think it was Diego Carlos in the end that challenged Holgate. And followed through with it. But so many acrobatic efforts from Everton but none of them on target. But I think that is a worry. As it was in the first game of the season. It's a worry for Villa. Andy Madley took a look at a potential handball in there by Diego Carlos. But the check is complete. There is... I thought he was going to say there's a half-time whistle. But it's not. Threw me a dummy Michael Oliver. And a one by Holgate. One by Luka Dean towards Danny Ings. Awkward header for Connor Cody. Jacob Ramsey to Olly Watkins. Haynes manages to find a gap. In come Aston Villa! And they can't quite take out Coutinho. And then as Cash plays the cross back in the four, it's just been a bit of a mess. But they were nice and patient there Villa. But when they went quick and speeded things up, they were in. Ramsey has done that a few times in this half. Just made that run beyond the strikers. It's a good ball across as well. But Coutinho just about four inches too short to get to it. So there is half-time on the second City today. Villa leading through Danny Ings' goal. A really fantastic strike of his left foot. His first goal of the season. We'll see what kind of response Lucy there is from Everton in this second half. We talked a lot about the five subs. But Frank Lampard looks around because of the injuries. He looks around at his bench and is trying to look for something to change it. Rondon is the obvious. Just as a target to go into. Because if they haven't got that threat, then Villa will just keep coming on to them and on to them. A foul given away by Alex Iwobi. It was the last goal for Everton. It was a big goal for Everton. That 99th-minute winner against Newcastle last season. Coutinho lifting in the free kick and Iwobi heading it away. McGinn then lets fly. What a volley. The ball sat up nicely for the Aston Villa captain. But he couldn't keep the shot down. Such a really clever free kick run. And Iwobi is really alive to it. They've been on the front foot since they've come back out for the second half. McGinn, it's always rising, isn't it? Strikes a good ball, John McGinn. But he's gone 25 Aston Villa games since his last goal for the club, which was back in November. Spoken in the matchday programme today about the pride he has at the moment, being the Aston Villa captain. What a surprise it was when Steven Gerrard made the appointment. Jacob Ramsey. Aston Villa attacking the Holt end here at Villa Park in the second half. The Holt end, for now, is in shade, which is a relief to the supporters who are in there. Here's McGinn. Luka Dene offside. It's a terrific ball and he just doesn't need to be offside there. Luka Dene. He didn't need to make his run as early. He could have pointed his way and that is superb. It's an Everton ball, the last touch off to former Everton player Luka Dene. One of Frank Lampard's targets this season is to make Everton better defensively. 66 goals were conceded in the Premier League last season. They conceded the penalty against Chelsea last weekend and the Danny Ings goal here in the first half. Defensive stability is going to be a key for them. That's a nice flick by Damari Gray and Mikulenko can play the ball in. It's defended for Aston Villa by Matty Cash. Calmly done by Tarkovsky under pressure from Watkins, but then given away to McGinn. There's the space that Watkins was able to find in the first half. He's got Danny Ings up in the middle. Jacob Ramsey arriving, that was the target. He was well defended by Tom Davis, who took up a fantastic position. That was a position that Rio was talking about at half-time that Dupore should have done in the first half for the goal. Well recovered by Davis. John McGibbon attack allowing Suobi to pick up the pieces for Everton. What? Mikulenko. Tobi looking long towards Paterson. It's a fantastic ball and a really nice piece of control by the Scotland international. He manages to get away initially from Luca Dean and he's going to come back with a foul. Excellent football that from Everton. The initial ball by Cody, but there was so much there for Paterson to do. Yeah, Paterson is a really, really promising player. Always on the edge of his position on that right-hand side. Puts himself in an area that he can cause a problem for Dean. There's only 20 years of age, the Scotland international Nathan Paterson, who I think is already on the radar of some big clubs who are monitoring his developments at Goulisant Park. Made his Premier League debut last weekend against Chelsea and starting again here today. See what Everton can do from another set piece. Dwight McNeil and Damari Gray over the ball. It's in by Damari Gray, it's an Aston Villa head. Danny Ings to flick it away. Holgate with the shot, that hits Kamara. Tom Davis now battling with Diego Carlos. Hoisted in by Mikulenko, coming in Tarkovsky. Helped on in there by Dwight McNeil, but helped on a little bit too far. And behind for an Aston Villa goal kick. Everton have to be encouraged by the joy that they're getting from set pieces and then the second phase after the set piece. It's just that final shot on goal, the final ball in and getting the big lads in the area. Makes you wonder how much success they would have if they had Salomon Rondon up there and played a little bit more direct. I would suspect that that is a change that will be made by Frank Lampard at some point. Probably sooner rather than later. But as I say, three wingers up front, it's difficult for them to find that cohesion, getting in the right areas. Coutinho tackled effectively by Cody. Now Alex Iwodi with a bit of space now for Damari Gray, promising again for Everton. Gray on the move. It's a good block in there by Cash. Cash did well. A tricky customer to Damari Gray in a situation like that. Cody doesn't get the ball away from Watkins. Danny Ince up there with him. Fitting from Davis, Michael Oliver was right there, said he got the ball. And he was in the perfect position there, the referee, Lucy, to make the decision. It was a really, really good challenge, I think, from Davis, who did get the ball, but it was a follow-through as well. Gordon takes on Cash. More defending for the Villa right back to Dove, and more good defending by the Polish international. That's better from Everton in terms of how quickly they get the ball up the pitch. You see here, Davis, eyes on the ball. He got to it. Follow-through, it was the follow-through that took Watkins down, but he got the ball. And the referee's right in a good position for that. He's the one, isn't he, that's going to create something for Everton in those channels. Never stops. So another set piece for Stephen Gerrard's Aston Villa to defend. James Ampard looking on. Damali Gray then will have another go. Connor Cody on the move in the middle, it's gone all the way through again. It's a chance, and it's a really good block. It was Matty Kats throwing himself at that, Nathan Paterson with the shot. That managed to find a way through, you wonder how much of it Martinez would have seen. Just making a meal of the ball into the box, Villa went. It's about having the attitude to attack it and get the first contact on it that Everton are not making the most of it so far. There's a more open feel to things at the start of this second half. Gray takes on Cash, widens the angle and shoots! And there's the first save today for Martinez. They looked a lot livelier in the final third at the start of this second half, Everton. Yeah, there's a better intensity to Everton, they're committing players forward in support of the front three. It's a great shot by Gray and Cash has done some good defending but couldn't get the block on there and it's just left to Martinez. Straight at him but he still had to deal with it. Zabari Gray's got eight months since his last Premier League goal. He joined Everton from Bayern Leverkusen last summer. Very, very tricky when he gets the ball at his feet in a penalty area like that, so difficult for defenders who can't touch him. It's been a good start, though, in the second half, in an attacking sense from Everton. Tyrone makes. Jacob Ramsey. Back again from Luka Dean. Anthony Gordon's had to go a long way to track him but Ramsey's given him the slip. And it's defended in there for Everton by Davis. Again, good work by Ramsey, so positive, direct when he gets the ball. Probably one player too many to take on, he'd done really well getting past Gordon but then probably needed to release the ball across the box. Kamara switching it to Cash. We can have a go at Mikalenko. Now McGinn. And he goes towards Danny Ings and just floated over his head. Good take by Jordan Pickford. Again, little sweet ball into the middle as it comes out to McGinn. And you just watch Holgate there, he was aware of Ings' movement and just eased him away, allowed his goalkeeper to collect. The last half an hour or so of this game, the heat will take an effect and you've just got to be quite gentle with your build up and make sure you're structured properly and limit those high intensity sprints until you need them. That's what both teams have started this game like, this second half like. Connor Cody stood on this ground last season in a victory for Wolves when they came from behind. Iwobi. Tom Davis looking for Nathan Patterson. It's the right idea, Darren, because the way that the shape that Villa play, the switch is always on, they've not used it often, Everton, but particularly the start of this second half with the wing-backs right at the top of the positions, so that switch is on. You can see that it's been a better second half in terms of possession so far for Everton. David Salas by Watkins, that's one thing you can guarantee from the front two of Aston Villa, they'll work the centre-backs today. Will, he's led by the likes of Watkins, making it not a comfortable afternoon for any centre-back. It's one there that's warming up on the sidelines as well, Iwobi's thinking about a change in that second goal will give this team a cushion. It's interesting, yesterday listening to Thomas Tuchel say that the mindset of the players pre-World Cup is going to be interesting because they all know they've got to be committed to their club sides, domestically and in Europe as well, but all of them who think they've got a chance to be at the World Cup want to make sure they're fit too. It's a real conundrum, but you can understand the point that he's making because it's only human nature. Yes, because there's no gap at the end of the season before the World Cup comes in now, because it's in the middle of the season, it'll just continue solid football. These players have to be professional, but they will have it in the back of their minds that they want to go to a World Cup and represent their countries. Aston Villa will hope it's nothing too serious for Filipe Coutinho, and they're going to bring on a man who can play the same position as him. In fact, he wears the number 10 here at Aston Villa, Emi Buendia, but he plays that position a lot differently to Filipe Coutinho. Yes, and he works hard. When you haven't got the ball, he works so hard. It's the same sort of thing when they have it in Villa, they'll expect him to be creative, but Coutinho struggled to get himself into the game this afternoon. So on he comes, it was the club record signing when he came, four goals and six assists in the Premier League last season, and he scored the only goal in the 1-0 win at Goodison Park towards the end of last season to give Aston Villa the victory. So Buendia for Coutinho, that was the first change today for Aston Villa. Aston Villa gets an early touch as well to substitute. Here's Kamara, Ramsey. Ramsey and McGinn have gone a little bit wider in the second half in that shape, and just now allow Buendia to buzz about as he does. Here's Cash, Kamara. There's a little bit of space on that side now for Buendia. John McGinn being urged to shoot, and it strikes the head of Connor Cody, who's slowed down Connor Cody, and immediately Michael Oliver stops the game very sensibly. Just to make sure that Connor Cody's OK. I don't know whether it's the initial header or whether he's landed off him, because he's holding his calf as well. Yeah, it was a good strike. He had to get his head in the way. He's not going to move from that. Connor Cody, as the ball comes in from McGinn. Yeah, straight away he felt that left ankle, I think it was. His left leg, he's only right. I think it might be a double issue here for Connor Cody. It was an awkward header for him. It was on the top of his head, but his main concern seemed to be the left calf, didn't it, straight away? Yeah, he's just thinking, am I ever going to get away from any injuries? And he definitely won't want it from Cody, who he will want to be playing every game in that position. He's pulling a substitute over straight away, not another one. You can't believe the bad luck that Frank Lampard's having early in the season with key men getting injured. He's called Salomon Rondon back to the bench. He's got to remove the ear jewellery before he comes on. Cody won't go. Absolutely no way. See him then, shook his head, absolutely no chance you have to drag him off. However, if he has got a little knot, Darren, you won't want to make that worse and lose him for more games. He must wonder when his luck's going to change. Frank Lampard, Stephen Gerrard, wondering whether his team can hang on and get the first victory of the season. I think it's a testament to the Villa manager that that shirt is still sky blue. On a day like this, it's a testament to his coolness, the fact it's not a darker shade by now, in this heat. So Rondon is going to come on. Cody's OK to continue, but it is going to be this attacking change, an orthodox centre-forward coming on now for Everton. We'll see how that can shake things up and alter things in their favour. Danny Ings for Aston Villa. Wendier. Work here for Mikulenko, but he's given the ball away, although the touch from Kamara didn't help. And in the end, it's an Everton throw-in. So Dwight McNeil is making way for Salomon Rondon. A difficult game for Dwight McNeil. He's lost into the box, so not playing that way with a nine. But he's going up, Rondon's coming on, and we're hoping that Demaree Gray and Anthony Gordon get the ball in the middle for him. It's a focal point, didn't score too many last season, three goals in 23 games. He was suspended last week because he got a red card against Brentford towards the back end of last season. But he does change the way now that Everton can play. He'll change the role that Anthony Gordon has out there as well. He's been through the middle, but he'll go and play in a more natural, wider position now. Yeah, and get the ball into Rondon, and then they can play off him. That focal point, just take the pressure off. Although Everton have started the second half a lot better in terms of their possession and getting bodies up the pitch. It's over there with Tarkovsky, two players with Burnley connections, those two, and that's a power by Danny. Donald Tyrone Minks had a run on Damari Gray. Really doesn't give Damari Gray a chance, that sort of ball. Has to go into the channels away from Minks. Just look at Tyrone Minks, he's not been moving that freely either. Seems to be a problem with the right leg. Let's see whether he can play through that and run it off. Here's the kind of day that's going to test the physical limits of all the players out there. Side flag up brings the free kick to Villa. Make sure you join us later on tonight at half past five on BT Sport 2. AC Milan, the Italian champions, starting their defence against Udinese. And then from half past seven on BT Sport 1, you can see Lecce against Inter Milan. In fact, you can see all 10 matches from the opening weekend of Serie A across at BT Sport this weekend. That's the Villa one. Every time you see a player, you know it's a good one. Danny Ings with a really nice, powerful finish in the first half. The difference between the teams. Ings has been found here and he's got Watkins in the middle and it's defended by Holgate. Simple football from Aston Villa, but nearly so effective. That's a really good cutback. Cutbacks are a lot more valuable in the crosses that we saw a lot from Villa. Last week at Bournemouth, it's a good run by Ings, full of confidence now. Cuts it back and he has to anticipate where that's going to go. Watkins. John McGinn, Jacob Ramsey, support arriving outside him from Luka Di. Ball for Danny Ings. Guendier was in there as well and he couldn't quite find enough room to turn. He won't be now looking to get it forward towards Salomon Rondon and Diego Carlos gets back there for Aston Villa. The chance though, Lucy, at the other end. Yeah, Guendier took it off Ings' foot. He looks lively up front now, Ings. It's amazing what a goal does for a striker. It's McGinn and now Cash. Danny Ings takes the ball, he's got it. It was a good challenge in fact by Tarkovsky who stood his ground and read that situation well. It's been noticeable that Guendier's got on the ball a lot more than Coutinho was doing when he was out there. Yeah, you've got to get your own ball. You can't just wait for it and I think Coutinho was, the last parts of the first half was anonymous and Guendier has to come on and prove that he should be starting. I know Coutinho's a big player but it's about who's playing well. Might be a game that suits Guendier a bit more than the man that he came on to refute. It's Gordon midway through this second half. Connor Cody. Tarkovsky. Davis out to Mikalenko. Alex Iwoven. The run was made by Damari Gray and that wasn't that far away from finding him either. That's a good ball. Maybe the angle was a little bit off but Gray anticipated it was coming through, just couldn't get to it. So hard to defend those deep runs, aren't they, like that? Ramsey finds another pocket there for Guendier. Ramsey. Now they can be lifted over the top but Tom Davis did well. In fact, he's done well in general since coming on, Tom Davis, particularly defensively. Yeah, combative, isn't he? He got himself in really good areas to just protect that back three a little bit better than what happened in the first half. Well, it's time for drinks in the second half. So refreshment can be taken on board by the respective players. Let's have a look at the Aston Villa goal from Jordan Pickford's perspective because he was past him in a flash. The touch pass, you see he's got three players that's just masking the ball away from his side. So he knew where it was going to go, he guessed where it was going to go but couldn't reach far and I think that's what it means to the Aston Villa management team. Good finish from Ains. Absolutely no chance whatsoever for the England goalkeeper. Make sure you join us on Tuesday night. There's a big night for Rangers, the first leg of their Champions League playoff against PSV Eindhoven. You can see that from 7.15 on BT Sport 1. Ultimate Rangers have got all the way to the Europa League final last season. And the UEFA Europa Conference League playoff, which I've said much better in the second half than I did in the first half, West Ham against Vyborg. And that's on Thursday from 7.15 on the same channels. It proves that practice can make perfect, Lucy, doesn't it? When you've said it once before. Yeah, you're doing well there and you're doing well. It's been a sort of a lull, hasn't it? The last 10 minutes, which we expected because of the heat and that'll suit Steven Gerrard's Villa. They've got themselves in front and they just need to be make sure that they're aware of any of the set pieces. And at some point, Everton have to go for it to try and get that equaliser. I know that some managers agree with five substitutes. Some managers don't. But I think on a day like today, you'd be mad if you didn't take up the option to make those changes based on how warm it is. For certain clubs, it's such an intense schedule. So look until the World Cup, I think 16 matches. If you're a European side, you've got to play those in midweek. There's a midweek batch of Premier League fixtures. There's also an international break as well. So from now until the World Cup, it is pretty relentless for all of them. I think they're going to try and make the most of these next two or three weeks where there aren't any midweek requirements apart from the League Cup, where you're going to rest players automatically. But I think from about September the 6th onwards, it just goes absolutely mad for pretty much all of them. Tarkovsky in there on Buendia. Danny Ings trying to find a way through. And Mason Holgate had to get back. The flag didn't go up because I think it went back up on Everton player. That's why the assistant kept the flag down. The assistant's made some good decisions because as it did come back, it was a head from Tarkovsky. So Ings automatically is in play and he's bright, isn't he, Ings? So corner to Aston Villa at the halt end. And Tyrone Mings has gone in there. Diego Carlos has gone forward as well. And Luka Dins taking up the position right on the goalkeeper. Was in towards Diego Carlos, who gets the shot in with a lot of power. That absolutely rocketed off his right boot. He's a vital block in there. Whoever did block it didn't know a great deal about it because it was on them in a flash. Unbelievable, what a strike that was from the centre-back. It's good defending just to get your body in the way from an Everton point of view. I'm going to take a guess at it being Nathan Paterson, but I might be wrong. Here's Davis. Still plenty of gas left in the tank of John McGinn, but he was slightly overzealous there on the Everton midfielder. They got a little frustrated there. McGinn, as he lost the ball. You see the ball come in there. It's a terrific strike, that is. I think you were completely right there. It was Paterson, just stood his ground. That's a sting a bit as well. Pundit Ka Kamara to Emi Dwenfear. 17 minutes to go. Aston Villa want Everton nil. Ramsey. It's a nice run made by Dwenfear, well found by McGinn. Danny Ng's on the turn, and it's another block by Paterson. Here's Luka Dean. He's got a couple to pick out. It's beaten away by the goalkeeper, Dwenfear! And then off the line by Mikalenko. Well, a couple of really good opportunities in there for Aston Villa, and that's a vital clearance by the Ukrainian, Mikalenko. Yeah, Dwenfear's making a difference for Villa since he's come on, because he's making those runs forward. He's causing problems for Everton. He had a chance there, but in the end, it's desperate defending, but Everton manage to get it away. Spinning all over the place off Connor Cody, and he had to keep his concentration and get the right contact on that, Mikalenko. Here he is as part of the Everton attack now, flicked on by Rondon, away by Luka Dean. Paterson in there sharply on Ramsey. It's worked its way, though, to Ollie Watkins, who's up there on his own to all intents and purposes. Tarkovsky got across for Everton. Ollie Watkins chases. Pickford makes sure he tries to get the top tier so he can give himself some time to get back. It's the multi-ball system this season, so the game's back on the way so quickly. It doesn't matter where he kicks it. It comes straight away for them to take a quick throw in. It's good from Pickford, though, good starting position. Make sure he's first out to the ball. Here's Ramsey for Aston Villa. Luka Dean. It's a feather that crosses. It's a good header away by Tarkovsky for Everton. Minks. McGinn. Here's Blendier. Luka Dean. Emi Blendier. Chance for Dean to cross, which he always obliges with. Cleared away by Iwobi for Everton. We're going to see a Villa change. Leon Batey's going to be coming off. Here's Jacob Ramsey. 14 minutes to go. Blendier. Holsen wants Kamara to take a proper goal, but he's gone instead to McGinn. Now to Ramsey. Now to Dean. They've got plenty forward here in Clarendon Blue, but that's not a good enough ball. And these conditions, well, short passes have to be good, but the last few minutes has been all Villa just managing to keep Everton at arm's length in their own half. And I think since Rondon's come on, he's probably only had the ball played into him a couple of times. Danny Ings has just got himself a yellow card. He's also got the only goal today. He's the player who's going to come off so that Leon Bailey can come on for Aston Villa. What a finish. What a way to get your account open. Here's the Premier League this season. What a way to get your first goal of the season for Danny Ings. I think he's done well. Ings, you've got to score important goals, especially when you've seen him lose the first game of the season and coming into the first home game of the season, it's an important goal for Ings. I think we're about to see a double change as well from Everton. There's Amadou Onana on the right and Dele Alli on the left. It looks as though those two are going to be sent on here by Frank Lampard with 12 and a half minutes to go. The way that Gwen Deer has taken over the game since coming on has been impressive. He sat and watched and noticed that that area, it was available to get yourself on the ball. Obviously, Everton are tiring as well, but he's been really impressive. I know the Villa fans, he's a favourite of the Villa fans. It's just how do you get them all into an 11? Steven Gerrard did play last season with two 10s in some games, didn't he? Gwen Deer and Coutinho behind the striker. Here's Gordon for Everton. Still very much in this match, only 1-0 down. Thought they might try and be a little bit more direct now they've got Rondon on the pitch, but that's not been the case so far. And a one by Diego Carlos. Here's John McGinnon, now Jacob Ramsey. Ramsey seems like he's got energy to burn. Torsi back smartly to Watkins, who's up against Holgate, who did the job well. Corner to Aston Villa. When Villa have needed Jacob Ramsey to make those marauding ones to get the ball up the pitch, he has done so. Let me say, it's a warm day, we keep talking about it, but it affects the energy of the players, but it certainly hasn't affected him. Great first touch from Watkins as well, but just made his angle just a bit too wide. It's a sign of the respect the squad have got for him. He was Aston Villa's Players' Player of the Year last season, Jacob Ramsey. So that's the kind of impact that he made on his own teammates in his first season as a regular in the Aston Villa first team. Villa's centre-backs have gone in for this corner. John McGinn out to take it. It's going to be taken by Buendia. Not the best of corners either. Cash knows where he wants to put it. So we're going to get to see Amadou Onana for the first time in an Everton shirt. The 20-year-old is going to be 21 next week, their club record signing from Lille. Before that, we're going to see Dele Alli as well. Dele Alli, who only started once in the Premier League for Everton last season. He's only scored once in open play in an awfully long time. His most recent Premier League goal was a penalty. He hasn't scored in open play since January 2020. But you wonder at some stage whether Dele Alli is going to rediscover what he had at Dele Alli. He's rediscovered what he had at Tottenham. We're also excited to see what Everton have seen in Amadou Onana, a player that Frank Lampard has spoken glowingly about. Yeah, they've been checking him a while, I think, and it's a real coup that they've got in Everton. It's just getting him up to speed now. He's obviously not ready to start, but a few minutes on, you can probably see he's come on and he's started talking to the rest of the team, but we need that presence in central midfield. forward by Holgate at Little Well, Narnia brings a fair deal of height to proceedings in situations like this. Anthony Gordon with a good corner, but that's well taken by Emi Martinez. He's tempted to stay on his line in the main when they've had a corner, but he came and claimed that very, very quickly. Yeah, a really experienced goalkeeper makes good decisions, comes out and catches a lot of the time, and I know not a lot of goalkeepers will do that, but he tends to... Just taking the sting out of the situation. Steven Gerrard looking pensive alongside Gary McAllister. Frank Lampard offering instruction down there with Ashley Cole to James Tarkowski. It's 13 years since Everton have lost their first two Premier League matches in a season. Got seven and a bit minutes to try and put things right here at Villa Park. Still trailing to that Danny Ings goal in the first half, and the reality is the better chances here in the second half are being forced by the home team. This is going to be a story of games today. There's a lot of breaks, substitutions make a difference, and it just affects the flow of the game, and for Villa it's about keeping concentration for Everton, trying to take advantage of these last few minutes and try and get the equaliser. Forward by Kamara, away by Holgate. So a right wing-back roll appears now for Alex Iwodi with Nathan Paterson in the back three with Holgate and Tarkowski and then Mikulenko on the left with a bit of a shuffle around at the back for Frank Lampard. He's looking for Watkins, Patterson. It's not actually going to be a good idea to go for a left-footed pass, but he's looking for Watkins, Patterson. It's not actually gone out, Patterson thought it was going to, and I think everybody else in Villa Park did as well. Tom Davis makes the tackle. Banana. Tarkowski on to Mikulenko. Here for Villa. Ballast in there by Leon Bailey. Here's Buendia, couldn't quite find the pass to Watkins, he's patient. Watkins in now. 2-0. Eddie Buendia with a goal that should seal it for Aston Villa. In front of the halter end, he was patient, the football was slick and sharp, and in the end it was a tap-in to make it 2-0. And he deserves that. Buendia again. He's going to lose the ball in the centre of the pitch. Villa, free game possession, get the ball up there. Great work again by Ollie Watkins. Here's Anani, you can see what he's trying to do, too many bodies around him. Villa with it back. Good passes forward and great movement from Watkins. What's the relationship between him and Buendia? And he's come on and played so well, Buendia, and he deserves that. Ollie just squeezed it in. The club started cheering before it went in and it just sneaked in that far post. He scored against Everton last season, he scored against Everton this season. And a two-goal cushion now with four minutes to go will bring the first bit of relief, I think, for the Aston Villa supporters here today. I think the manager knew how important a victory was today as well, because you always want to win your first home game, hence why you see that big smile on the face of Gary McAllister and the rest of the staff. And as Lucy quite rightly says, Buendia's come off the bench today to replace the injured Felipe Coutinho and been outstanding for them. Well, he started and finished that move and I think that's important. He's affected the game and that's what you want from your subs, so fair play to Gerrard. There's Anana running through, it's an enterprising run by the new man and he gets it into the centre and it's gone in! It's an own goal off Luka Dien. Well, the Everton supporters will enjoy that one, but it was all about the industry and determination of the club record signing, Amadou Anana. And maybe it's not all said and done for Aston Villa. I'll tell you what, Anana looks... he's only been on... he lost the ball in the middle for Villa's second goal. But I'll tell you what, when he gets the ball and he starts his big strides and moving with the ball, he looks some player going up and beyond. He decides to make that move, gets in behind so much quicker in his steps and he just forces that, doesn't he, from Luka Dien. Not really much he can do. Terrific play from the new signing and the substitutes are making a difference. So three minutes to go and Everton remain in the match. Deli Alli's got it back from Jacob Ramsey. Piers Iwobi. Well, that's got behind for a corner, which for the rejuvenated Everton supporters is something to celebrate. It's right in front of them as well. Right in front of the Everton supporters, just dragging their team along trying to get the equaliser. Villa have a problem. Jacob Ramsey's not moving freely at all. He's just been down on his haunches, but he's back up again to take his defensive position. Rondon's gone right in on the goalkeeper. Mikulenko's come out to take the corner. This is a real test of Aston Villa's defensive organisation at the set-piece. Into the final two minutes of normal time. A game that looked like they got in the bag is up for grabs again. Mings gets his head to it. Coming in was Patterson to strike one. Now Davis. Nice and calm back there by Kamara. Nice and composed. Didn't smash it, just took it down. And now Davis has a problem with John McGinn breathing down his neck. No foul. Leon Daly. Ollie Watkins can surely seal it now. Big save by Jordan Pickford. It's opened up now. An exciting final few minutes. Villa thought they had it in the bag, Everton. Then thrown players forward. He's played well. Ollie Watkins. It would be really good for him if he could cap it off with a goal, but Pickford was out really quick, spread himself. That's a... So Bwende are out to take the corner. Luka Deane. That's a try and drill one across the face of the Everton goal, and only pushed it wide. All about the fourth official now. More changes coming for Aston Villa. Leon Daly's full of running. He's got a chance to score. He's got a chance to score. He's got a chance to score. He's got a chance to score. He's got a chance to score. He's got a chance to score. Leon Daly's full of running. He's off the bench and fresh. He's got Watkins up there. He's got Bwende arriving. That's good defending by Tarkovsky. Alex Iwobi. Mikulenko. Off goes Gordon. Looking to try and get in behind Cash. He's got in behind Cash. And to be Gordon for Everton! Saved by Martinez! Brilliant tackle, Tyrone Nings! But if Steven Gerrard wanted to be proved right for picking Tyrone Nings today, that challenge there might just have done it. Brilliant. And the corner just before as well, he got his head onto it. Tyrone Nings is just ensuring that he protects any sort of comeback. He knows that Rondon's there. He has to get to it first, and it's terrific from Nings. And that's what he's all about. He had to come in, and he had to play well. And he just did enough there to protect his keeper. The defenders down there are cramping up. Matty Cash has a problem. He's off the pitch. Tyrone Nings needed a stretch after making the challenge as well. It's a day that's taking its toll. It's also a game that's built up to a fantastic climax, and there's five minutes of additional time, so still four minutes to be added on, plus whatever more we get. Esri Konsa and Ashley Young are ready to come on and Aston Villa. Substitution is usually disruptive, but it actually added to the excitement. The game will continue because Cash is off the pitch, and Steven Gerrard can't make the change. He's furious about it. Here's Buendia. Ramsey. Luka Dean launches things towards where he hoped Leon Daly might be, but it's gone straight through to Jordan Pickford. Steven Gerrard's absolutely furious. Matty Cash has had to come back on, despite the fact he can hardly move. Here's Onana. Dele Alli. Nings was there for Villa, cleared away by John McGinn. Somebody else has gone down now. It's Diego Carlos. They're dropping like flies at the moment. It's really taking a toll on the players. Gerrard is not happy. He hasn't been able to make his substitutes. Cash has been off the pitch a while. Fizio's seen to him, but he's desperate to protect this lead. Steven Gerrard can make the changes now. He's going to make three changes. Callum Chambers has been added to the list. He's only brought on two at the moment, so he can make three more. So the first change is going to be Esri Concert for Jacob Ramsey. That's the first change. Jacob Ramsey has been outstanding today. Marty Cash is clearly going to be replaced by Ashley Young. The second change is for Diego Carlos. So they're still waiting to make the final change here. Diego Carlos for Callum Chambers. But they obviously had to wait until the Brazilian gets back to his feet after treatment. So that's five changes made by Steven Gerrard. Lucy, what about the man of the match today? Well, it's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. It's a tough one. Lucy, what about the man of the match today? Well, it's been a difficult one, but I really, really like the look of young Jacob Ramsey for Aston Villa. I think he makes good decisions on the ball. I think when they've not got possession, he picks up really good positions as well. And I think in the first half when they needed him, he made those runs. So, man, man of the match is Jacob Ramsey. Thank you, Lucy. Man of the match, Jacob Ramsey. It's been a slow, laborious walk, but Diego Carlos has been full of running today, Jacob Ramsey. It's going to be interesting now to see just how much more time is added on by Michael Oliver because we're over the five minutes, as you can see. But that's taken an awfully long time to make those changes with the treatment. It might be three, three and a half minutes still to play here at Villa Park. Flicked on by Rondon, Dele Alli coming in. Here's the chance. Oh, they couldn't take it. Oh, no, no. What a moment that would have been. The last touch was a Villa touch. It's a corner, but the club record signing has his head in his hands for Everton. Well, I think it's Chambers in the end. He let it go behind him. Martinez come out. It's all over the place in terms of the players. That many changes gone on have to be organized now for the set piece. So Gordon to take the corner for Everton, who was still in it. And that's a good take by Martinez. Been a quite astonishing last 10 minutes for a variety of reasons. It's been really straight. I think the subs just actually add a little bit of jeopardy. I think you can see now Chambers just had to make that challenge. He's made a difference since he's come on. You can see the potential in him and why they've paid so much for him, Everton. By the way, what a first involvement for a central defender having come off the bench to make a challenge like that at this stage in the game. Callum Chambers. Watkins jumping. Onana reaching it with those long legs of his. And it goes towards Rondon. Ended away by Konza. Back on by Davis. Here's Alex Iwowin. Everton looking for an equalizer. Gordon with the shot. Blocked in there by Chambers. Gordon again, saved by Martinez. It won't go in for Everton. Tell you what, they're getting in such good positions. Everton. No wonder he's looking at his feet. You can't believe it. Not one of those has found the back of the net, but it's good work. They're putting Villa under pressure. Anthony Gordon again. Saved by Martinez. He's not been needed often, Martinez, but when he has today, he's been excellent. Davis sends it forward. Ashley Young is going to chase over there. Ashley Young, a player who's played in the same England team as both Stephen Gerrard and Frank Lampard. But he's still a vital part of things here at 37, Ashley Young. Frank Lampard wonders whether they can somehow fashion one more opportunity. Yellow card for time-wasting for the substitute, Ashley Young. Powell against Nanna. Free kick to Aston Villa. If Everton do lose this game, there will be a lot of positives that have been going on. Anthony Gordon's one, Nanna, who's come on, is another. I'm hoping that Cody doesn't have an injury, because I think they looked all right in the back, together with Holgate and Tarkovsky. There's something to build on. Everything in the hands of the referee, Michael Oliver. Villa two, Everton one. This team have dug deep in this second half, Frank Lampard, but they just haven't quite been able to find the equaliser. Up it goes towards Watkins. Down goes Watkins, and Michael Oliver blows the full-time whistle. That's the game.