 from the South Coast. A real sense of anticipation around the Amex for a first home game of Brighton season, shared by both clubs today, for whom there have been plenty to be positive of late, not least those opening day wins last weekend and the manner of the performances that produced them. This could be a tough one to call, Efina Kokut. Yes, two sides who had a fantastic victory on the opening day of the campaign, so full of confidence, all that hard work up for a season, you always feel as if it's really been worthwhile where you can get yourself up and running on match day one. I'd say Brighton have a slight favourites, but not by much, so it's a tight one to call. And you will notice Newcastle in the unfamiliar sky blue shirts, it is not one of their official three kits for this season, but all three were adjudged by the Premier League to clash in some way with Brighton's blue and white stripes. So they've been granted special dispensation to produce another today. Seeing plenty of the ball early on, Mo's in the sky blue and black, here is Joel Inson, and it's just nicked away from him by Joel Veltman. Last year's Player of the Year for Newcastle, emphasising the turnaround in his fortunes, really, since he was moved into midfield by Eddie Howe. Familiar figure waiting to take the throw, Dan Byrne's first return to the Amex, albeit in that left-back role rather than the heart of defence, where we saw him last week, he was looking for Callum Wilson on that occasion. Good play for Brighton and Vardy, it was Dan Byrne. He was sure to get a good reception, couldn't quite see if he was applauded as he came out for his warm-up or not. It's not obligatory, is it? You don't have to. I said, I don't think he's going to get many boos on the ball, I'd be surprised if there are any at all, to be honest. Like Ryan Potter said as much pre-match, Dan Byrne, who played 85 times for Brighton and left in a bit of a hurry at the end of the January transfer window, he never got the chance to say goodbye. So he's looking forward to seeing some familiar faces today. This is Soli Marx working at White. You can see the early issues caused by the sunshine. Temperatures today will play their part, certainly, won't they? Robert Sanchez comes in and deals with that. There's a bit too much on it for Danny Welbeck. One goalkeeper, two at the other, and Pope just about had that under control. Moist dunk. His former central defensive colleague Dan Byrne trying to cut out the ball forward. Played by the Albion skipper. March infield. Pascal Gros calling for it, and then gets it from Lallana. Switching it up towards Trossard. He's got plenty to aim for in the middle, but he might take it on himself here, and the deflection on the shot carries it across goal for the corner. That was a lovely ball, wasn't it, from Pascal Gros? Not quite the height that Ross delivered over to that far side to Trossard. But he's got a bit of a chance to get it back. He's got a chance to get it back. He's got a chance to get it back. But he might not be able to hide that Ross delivery over to that far side to Trossard. Hard to deal with. Pascal just shuffled across well and defended it. Got a nice block from Stripio, and enabled it to go wide and high for a corner. Seen already the impact of the inverted wide player, Solih March, the left footer on the right. Trossard, right-footed on the left. It will be March here to take the corner. Trying to apply some early pressure. There's an awful lot going on in the penalty area, awaiting his delivery from March. Which is cleared out as far as Alexis McAllister with the time to take a touch. They have worked it well here. St Maximum back defending is beaten to the ball by Solih March. And it's blocked behind off Botman for another draw. He's got away with that one, hasn't he? That's St Maximum dozing at the far post or beyond it. Solih March was a little early there. Could have ended anyway if it had been stopped pretty early on. Another opportunity from the corner kick, second in relatively quick succession. March has been joined by Pascal Gros. Took many of them last season for Brighton. And there will be left for him to deliver. Charlton back in his own box. March underneath the bouncing ball. Here's Gros. Solih March still in there scrapping for it. Wasn't going to give it up. And they've worked it well here because Sider, Adam Molana trying to force away. It's a really strong start from the home team. Dan Byrne read that one well, didn't he? Brighton are so good to change in those quick passes. So fluid with their move and difficult to pick players up. Picasso just about holding firm. Bernoulli's got to go. And he's got a chance to get it back. But he's not holding firm. Bernoulli will know all about Brighton's threat from this sort of situation. Third corner. And again the consultation between March and Gros. It is in by Pascal Gros. Dan Byrne took up a terrific position just right on that six-yard line. So Maxon committed to the challenge, won it against Solih March. And here come Newcastle on the counter-attack with Alba Roll. Trying to switch up the play and does so effectively. Trippier trying to find Willett. It's played only as far as Joel Linton. Possession presented back to the away team. And then Webster found himself a little isolated against Joe Willock on that occasion. The system that they play, Webster and Veltman as the wider centre-backs, have to do one and a half jobs, they were saying last week, after the victory at Old Trafford. Nothing at the end of the flick from Joel Linton this time. But Newcastle are expecting to be playing much of the match on the counter-attack. You never quite know what you're going to get when coming up against Graham Potter's team, do you? Well, it may work out that Newcastle play on the counter. But, you know, if that's down to Brighton's dominant display, they're unable to really stem the tide. That's understandable. But, you know, it's a game that's going to be a bit of a challenge. But I don't expect that's the way that Eddie Howe would like to set up his side to be a counter-attacking team. They do have a little bit of pace. Flanks, Amiron is a decent runner with the football. Sam Maximum probably the strongest, most well-balanced with the ball at his feet. It's for Larnach, for Brighton. And support from Trossard. Here in Trippier, trying to prevent the cross from coming in. Can't quite do that. But Fabian Scherr falls underneath the cross. Willock back in his own box. Here's Amiron. Never shy in doing his defensive duties either, but still requiring some assistance. And they're struggling at Newcastle to get this clear. Alexis McAllister might come again here. Instead it breaks for Sam Maximum. Gilles Zappo. Bolton in full flight. Bolton is the ball, it breaks for Pascal Gros. Real ebb and flow about the game in the early stages. Soli March. Taking on Dan Burnley. He did enough to take the sting out of the cross. Kim O'Reish. So a depth in a tight situation. There goes Callum Wilson. Support from Sam Maximum. And from Miguel Almiron. Shaped as if he was going to have a go. He's calling instead for the return ball from Wilson. He wasn't quite able to provide it. And now it's Brighton's turn to venture forward. Yeah, wasn't quite tight enough with his control, Callum Wilson. Or indeed able to realise who was behind him. And it was Veltman who came in with a firm challenge, but a fair one. Turns his body into Brighton, number 34. And then he probably wins a free kick. It's March. Already showing signs on the counter. That's the way, as I said, he pounds out and then finds out. I don't think Eddie Howard, as I said, is looking to develop a team like that. I think he just wants his side to be good in all areas of the field. Nothing wrong with the pass at all. It's too square. Just got to turn on the angle and be able to just sense that Veltman is coming. And make that challenge a lot more difficult for the Brighton defender. Got his goal last weekend, Callum Wilson. Scoring on the opening weekend for the third year in three since he joined Newcastle United. Says he feels fit and sharp and much Mike depends on if he's able to stay that way throughout the course of the campaign. Last season's top scorer, despite missing 20 matches through injury. Eddie Howard still hopeful they will be able to bring in some further support and competition for him, perhaps, before we enter the window. There's Lallana. But when kept his composure to win that cleanly. Wilson finds some maximum. And there goes Alanson maximum. Couldn't quite pick the pass at the end of it. A little bit surprised there that he didn't just drive towards the goal line. On an angle, it would be difficult for him to get straight to Robert Sanchez's post. So the easy option then, he tried to pass the ball, but there's a sign already. Is it that Velman squared up and pretty much no contest. He's passed in. The main creative threat, perhaps, in this new cash aside, but you do have to go back 16 Premier League appearances for some maximums last goal against Watford in January. That's a big worry, isn't it? It's all about how Wilson was the top scorer, despite missing 20 matches or so. It's not a good indictment, is it, on the productivity of Al Mouron? Some maximums, Joel Inton, Willock, they all expected to score goals. Al Mouron managed just the one last season, although he was top scorer in pre-season with four for Newcastle, a couple for Paraguay over the course of the summer as well. We had this conversation before the game, I said, pre-season doesn't count. Just get fit, be in the team, hopefully for the match they want. That's when the stats really are significant. You feel good about yourself, but in truth, you could have an awful couple of matchdays, one, two, three, and pre-season is long forgotten. In fact, after 90 minutes, it's forgotten. Both able to continue the feel-good factors into opening weekend when it did matter last time around. Walding as well on the impressive finishes to last year, but both bosses say that has gone as Webster comes under pressure here. Al Mouron wasn't going to give it up, and he has brought about the free kick caught there by Trossard. It's a role wide on the left-hand side that he's previously played for Belgium. Until pre-season, though, a little less so for his club team. Marc Kukerea departing, of course, just before the start of the season. Often occupied that left-wing back position when they played with one last season. He hasn't been directly replaced yet in the squad. As Kieran Trippier sizes up the free kick that will follow. Possibly a player's in the penalty area. It was in towards Wilson. He didn't get the touch, but it will still reach Alanson Maximum to try and return it towards Callum Wilson. Away by Caicedo. Trippier to return it. Here's Wilson. Has he got the time to bring it down? He was denied that in the end by the referee's whistle. High boot. It was high, but I mean... He clearly takes the ball. Clearly takes the ball. I think that's harsh. Does well to keep it away from... Defend it. Oh, yeah. Dan Byrne is almost pulling out of that challenge. Oh, sorry. Lewis Dunk was a little bit anxious, I suppose, when someone's got the boot raised. I mean, he probably gets away with that on the halfway line. And frustration for Callum Wilson and then for Danny Wilpert. Danny Wilpert at the other end up against Scher. He's the man that made the breakthrough, Fabian Scher, against Nottingham Forest last weekend. Almore unable to keep his footing in space to surge into as a result of that. Bruno Gimaraes to Alanson Maximum. Trying to help it on towards Byrne, who had made the run forward from full-back, but now has to hurry back again. Can see Newcastle pressing high when they lose the ball in that part of the pitch. Intensity is our identity, is what Eddie Howe has been trying to drum into this team. Early evidence of it here. Almarone away momentarily from Adam Webster before checking back infield. New for the first time. This is pretty lively so far. That's when Newcastle, I think, will really get their joy, actually, Phil. In the middle of the park already, it's been shown. If they're a little bit lazy on the ball or run too much with it, then Kaiser will snap out their heels. He's put in a couple of fantastic challenges already. He'll soon forget all about Yves Kizuma if he carries on the way he started this game. A big reputation, rapidly developing. Eddie Howe without one of his main men in midfield, John Joe Shelby. He's had surgery on a hamstring injury. We understand that will sideline him for about 12 weeks or so. He picked it up in the preseason friendly in Lisbon against Benfica at a time when he had been looking at his sharpest. And a race against time to play before the World Cup right this year. So Gimelreich has moved into a more central role in the Newcastle midfield. Dan Byrne, the one showing his versatility today, as he did so frequently during his time here, of course, with Brighton. He's the one in the middle of the path for Newcastle, Gimelreich, that you would expect to have a more stable role, if you like. Joe Linton, an attacker by trade, and Willeke, a goal-scoring midfielder who will be prone to getting forward as much as they can and supporting the two wider players, Armin Rahn and Sam Maximan. He talks about how they've got to do their defensive work and when to get the chance to run with the ball wider in that central area to avoid Kayser as much as possible. That's where Newcastle are going to be dangerous, and so it's, I think, proved so far. Sticking very tight to Callum Wilson on the touchline. No, that's about three times that dunk has out-muscled Callum Wilson. He said, you're not having that ball on your chest, so there's certainly no chance I'm going to control and try and turn me. He's been the dominant player of those two so far. 12 years on since his debut. Appearance number 379 of his career in English football for Lewis Dunk today. There's one of the new boys for Newcastle, Nick Pope. He seems to have got the gloves ahead of last season's first choice, Martin De Bravca. It wasn't an easy call, said Eddie Howe, before making it last weekend. Pope was in the Burnley team, beaten by Newcastle in early December last season, which was their first victory of the campaign, their 15th fixture. Such a relief for Newcastle in particular, wasn't it, to open with a win seven days ago, this time around. Yeah, Nick Pope's the number one. He's potentially an England number one, given the opportunity. If we take it, of course, he's not the preferred choice right now. That goes to Jordan Pickford. I had no doubt he was going to be the first choice in between the sticks. As the season kicks off. Yeah, Pope's saying he hasn't come just to protect his place in the England squad, which would certainly have been under threat had he gone down to the championship, to try and take that number one spot for his country. New look, Newcastle defence in front of him since Eddie Howe's arrival. None of the back six that started against Forest last weekend also began against West Ham on opening day last season. As the flag here goes up against Soli March. Coming up to 11 years at the club now, since his move from non-league Lewistown, taking the number seven shirt for this season, and has begun it wide on the right-hand side. Yeah, a warm day. Just got to about 30-minute mark, and the pace has just started to slow down. Understandably. We'll have the water breaks, I understand, today reintroduced to the Premier League this weekend, such are the temperatures across the country in the current heatwave. Won't be much needed on a day like today. Sven Bottmann, initial plan of Eddie Howe's to introduce him gradually, debuted off the bench against Forest last week, but the late injury to that target has forced a change of plan. Bottmann may well be required here, because Brighton have a very good chance of winning the game against West Ham. But it's a very, very difficult situation for them. And it's a very difficult situation for them. It's forced a change of plan. Bottmann may well be required here, because Brighton have all sorts of options in on goal. So it's covered really good ground. Pope just about does enough. Had to take a bit of action. Danny Welbeck lurking. It was nice quick hands in the end, wasn't it, from Nick Pope? The ball was fired in by Truss Arbutt. The height was uncomfortable and you would have thought he'd have flattened it down, but then quickly flicked it over Welbeck and safely away in the end. And Eugenio Ayes gets the decision here to the frustration of March. Pascal Gros for the challenge. Willock, I think, wanted a foul, but we didn't see anything there. It was well trussed, wasn't it? Stunders drowned, yet Pope really should have gathered that one first time and said he reacted well. Truss are down the left, providing a major threat really for Brighton so far. Kieran Trippier with the free kick. That's Robert Sanchez. He's able to come and claim a number of posse of players in confident fashion. Masato, but it's been cut out by Gimaraes. Lost wide by the Ecuadorian as he attempts to atone for surrendering possession in the manner that he did, and he was able to do that. Newcastle have it back with Willock. Now Almiron. Alanson Maximac, a referee with a big call to make here, and it's gone Brighton's way. And a yellow card as well for Sam Maximac, for looking for the free kick, which was far from forthcoming. Yeah, the ball's running away from him. Yeah, that's a flop if ever you saw one. Yeah, it's so unnecessary, isn't it? I mean, if there is some contact and you throw yourself to the ground, there's a chance the referee, even if he doesn't give you the free kick, just might wave his hand at you, say, come on, get to your feet some, but there's clearly nothing. And then a yellow card, I think, is the right punishment. Maximac into the book, first real involvement for Graham Scott. I haven't had cause to mention him yet really today, his first game of this Premier League season. And this little stoppage will enable both sets of players to come across to the touchline for a drinks break, much needed. This will be a feature across the Premier League this weekend, as we look again at the Premier League. This weekend as we look again at how close Brighton came. Shared as well, he stands up. It's not an easy one to deal with, Traveller's got some venom in it. He's unable to get to firm hands behind it. As I said, reacts well enough. It doesn't compound the slight error. Managed eight goals in the Premier League last season. Leandro Trossard, a joint best for Brighton. With Neil Moppe, who Graham Potter admitted pre-match is attracting interest from elsewhere. That's why he's not involved in the squad today. Has been linked recently with a move to Nottingham Forest. Salerno Tano in Italy had a reported bid earlier in the summer turned down, but Moppe coming into the final year on his contract and seemingly set to depart the south coast. That might mean more incoming business in these parts before the window closes. But in the club, I'm sure those supporters trust. They've done the wonderful work done really in terms of recruitment here. Yes, they do need another striking option. Aaron Connolly's supernats here on loan. So for Danny Welbeck to stay fit largely throughout the campaign and contribute the goals required, I think that's going to be an extremely tall order. And if you are going to let Moppe go, then imagine with a couple of weeks left in the transfer window, you've got somebody else lined up. Dennis Undab is the one they have high hopes for. He's on the bench having a very big laugh. I see him at some stage. We'll see him try and link here. I'm going to be thwarted again by the flag. Undab may come good, given the opportunities, but they need somebody who's semi-established already at this level, certainly of Premier League experience to satisfy their demands. Another decision that Callum Wilson has left a little bit frustrated about. He's putting a fairly agitated figure right now. He is part of the leadership group introduced by Eddie Howe at St James' Park. Jamal Lascelles remains there. He's got a lot of experience in the Premier League. He's got a lot of experience in the Premier League. He's got a lot of experience in the Premier League. Eddie Howe has a great deal of experience at St James' Park. Jamal Lascelles remains the club captain, but no longer a regular in the side. Kevin Trippi usually has the arm band. He'll share that responsibility of leadership about a little bit. He's up against Lewis Dunc once more. Joel Linton finds a maximum. And he locates Miguel Almarón to have a go, just couldn't quite keep the shot down, and did have time there to set his sights. That was a good ball from Sam Maximillian, didn't overrun it this time. Sandoval started to dig it out in the end at Almarón. He's actually set up pretty well, to be honest, yeah. Got a couple of yards, sets himself, just half a step back, and a long way off the goal. Talking about the Brighton recruitment, key to it previously of course was Dan Ashworth, was the technical director here, now sporting director at Newcastle. He's finally able to make that move at the end of May after some protracted negotiations between the clubs. As Welbeck just runs out of room. Highlights just how well Brighton have done, doesn't it, off the field though, that Newcastle's first executive appointment after the takeover was to come calling here for Dan Ashworth. Yes, the nature of the business, isn't it? You know, people who are successful, in terms of recruitment, are highly sought after. So, poaching will continue to be a thing over the coming seasons. I'm sure there was a slight issue there involving the Newcastle supporters behind the goal. A little delay before, Graham Scott. Let's play get back underway again. Players, I think, just seeking clarification as well for this little delays in conversation at the moment with both Nick Pope and Fabian Schech. Trippier goes long. Yeah, that's not been a successful play for Newcastle so far, that long punt down the middle. That's the first one, actually, that second ball in that Callum Wilson has been able to deal with. And there's Kieran Trippier again, towards Miguel Almiron. It's a maximum wide. And it was out by Dunk, but not too far. Newcastle keep coming here, although they've reverted to halfway to maintain possession with Botman. Now Burn. Callum Wilson makes it his. And proceeded to give it away to Kaysedo. Let's catch it. Joel Inson finds Willich. Back for Joel Inson once more. Good little spell this for Newcastle, Willich in towards Wilson. It's a little switch of formation in the last few minutes, maybe for Newcastle reaping a reward. The ball won down well here by Lallana, and because of that, it is going to open up for him. Let's have the support from Trossach. Nice progress there, held up, but was there a hand from Schär? That's what the appeal was about. The referee well positioned to wave it away immediately. Too close. And the hand was down by the side. There's Alexis McAllister. Soly March. They move the ball very quickly, don't they, Brighton? I'm precisely, but they don't have that speed. I mean, Sarri Glanti, before his injury last season was probably the pace he was playing, gave him the most natural width, if you like. Here's another option for later, maybe, on the Brighton bench today. That's Levi Colwell, who came the other way from Mark Kukerea on loan from Chelsea. This is March, able to bring it under control. Bernbeck pedalling. He's leapt it in towards Wellbeck, who just for a moment lost his bearings a little bit. Now with Fabian Schär down, Newcastle get the free-kick. Well, it didn't look as if Danny Wellbeck had actually taken the ball, and there were no complaints from him, but I mean, Schär, if you put your head down, there's a chance you're going to get kicked. It's not conclusive, is it? It certainly comes off the Brighton man. You're not going to get a penalty for this. Not at any level, I would hope. A fairly clear-cut call for Graham Scott in the end, wasn't it? So, past the half-hour mark, and this first half of Brighton's first home fixture of the new season. They did struggle in front of their own fans here last year, despite ending strongly with successive home wins. They put more points on their travels than they did at the Amex, where only the bottom four picked up fewer points than Brighton. That was a lovely ball from Dan Burn, wasn't it? Just measured, just flipped over the head of Joel Veltman. It teased him into backpedalling, then he decided he wasn't going to get it, then Dunk came across. He actually misjudged the bounce, and Wilson nearly got in towards the Brighton goal. Maximum couldn't quite control it after Burn's throw landed at his feet. This is Bottman. That's the big summer signing at the back, finally got their man from Lille, having previously pursued him in January. And £32.5 million, signed at the end of June. There hasn't been a further incoming at St James' Park since then. March, taking a ball from Pascal Gros. Looking for Caicedo, but Al Maron had read his intentions. Kim O'Reich beaten to that by Danny Welbeck, who was strong in the challenge. Sully March finds Pascal Gros, and Welbeck takes his swing and a miss. March! And surely Ingersoll, it's scrambled away from off the line. The referee checks his wrist, and there is no indication that it had fully crossed the line. That was Gros. I'm sure some of that ball was over, it looked over didn't it from where we are. And you said the... No indication for the referee that that was the case. Now Al Maron, blatantly pulled back by Alexis McAllister. For which he is understandably going to get the yellow card. Well, for me Phil, that is classic Simbin territory. I think this is one of the tweaks that we could make in the law. As professional and as crude as you like, making no attempt to actually play the football. There's the shot. Now we thought perhaps it crossed the line. Be amazed if some of it isn't. It certainly gets beyond Nick Pope. We will try and clear that up for you. But the technology clearly indicated the whole of the ball wasn't over. Sonny March I think must have thought he'd scored when that left his... I think it was Trippier wasn't it who scrambled away on the line. So Linton made it stick under pressure from McAllister. Sam Maxima. Bruno Guimaraes. Combining with his fellow Brazilian, Joel Linton. Somehow burnt to Trippier and he's lost it. Trostle had a real danger in those positions. He was trying to thread that through towards Adam Lallana. This is Willock. He's got a bit of room to run into. Casado's gone with him. Crosses over Wilson but it will come through for Sam Maxima. That's going a bit too much there with Bruno Guimaraes. Urged to shoot. Milo's in the Newcastle away end. The referee is going to let this continue. Is he? Sam Maxima looks a little unsure as does everybody else. Now that Wilson's gone. Slowly marched down here but it was he that came so close to opening the scoring. Yeah, he's only struck it well and only gets the return ball from Pasal Grosso. He doesn't quite have the pace to get on and take a shot on goal himself. It's a good hit. Dion Dekpoet. Yeah, I think quite a lot of that ball is over the line twice. Yeah, he just clips it up. Then it bounces on the line and partly beyond. Oh, yeah. Most of the ball is over. Two thirds and nearly. Couldn't have been too much closer, could he? Solly marched to opening the scoring. Back on his feet. Play back underway. Cher and Botman combine at the back for Newcastle. Joel Inton looking for Sam Maxima but not finding him. Well led by Veltman. Turning defence into attack for the Albion. Wellbeck's on the move in the middle as well. Alana couldn't quite collect it in his stride. Yeah, it wasn't meant for him. It's Casedo. And Pogba's right behind it. Drives through the flinch. Adam Lallana. There's Danny Wellbeck. Was there to be hit but McAllister got underneath it. Not too trouble, was he? Nick Pope with that one. A bit of dip and quite a bit of swerve. A couple of half chances for Brighton in the last few minutes. And Potter's team try and impose themselves again. Lost two of his previous three meetings against Eddie Harrell as a manager. Again, it's Lallana who's found space. Slips it through towards the run of Wellbeck. And the run read by Nick Pope who was there first. The longer that Lallana held onto the ball, the more he was running into space. That Danny Wellbeck really wanted for himself. And Pope was smartly out of his six-yard area. Another one that had a strong pre-season, Adam Lallana. He played his way into the starting line-up at Old Trafford last weekend. That was his first Premier League start since February. The likelihood was always going to be that Brian Potter named an unchanged team today. I think Newcastle would have liked to do similar. That time that target's late withdrawn. It's only given the opportunity, hasn't it, for the new boy Sven Bottmann. Come on, let's take a playing for a regular place. And imagine Eddie Harrell would like to get him in his side as often as possible and establish himself as the dominant centre-back. That's everything he hopes he would be, says Eddie Harrell's Sven Bottmann after his summer signing. He was planning to integrate him slowly in the manner that he did really with Bruno Gimaraes. Came off the bench five times before getting his first start in March after that January arrival. Not very much a fixture in this side as Wilson does well to win it. Strong to come away with it. Support from Joe Willock, time to take a touch. The deflection took all this thing out of the situation. It's comfortable in the end for Robert Sanchez. It's tactically and subtly as we expected it would be, given the two on the touchline in the dugouts today. Bruno Gimaraes. Rami Luiz Diaz by Liverpool was signed for bigger money in the Premier League in January, about £40 million signing from Leon Lopes. Excellent business given his impact so far. Here's March. Support from Pascal Gros. Tristan with the time to take it down. Webster looking to get involved as well, now has to hurry back again at his injury issues last season. Adam Webster remains actually their joint record signing three years ago when they brought him in for about £20 million from Bristol City. Pascal Gros, this is a really dangerous ball, particularly with Welbeck in position in that part of the pitch, but hope holds on. Just a straight pass in the end, it was drilled by Gros. Any curl on that football at all towards Welbeck and then he becomes a favourite. Welbeck has won it back here. Bruno Gimaraes maybe wasn't initially aware of his presence. Gros. Lallana able to turn, and when he got his shot away, Nick Pope was right behind it, holds on at the second attempt. A bit more space maybe than Lallana was anticipating. Yeah, you feel he should have done better. It's a lovely ball, is it, from Pascal Gros. Lallana's great at this, just can't find himself spaces between players. The older gets, the smarter he is at doing it, but his finishing has been a little bit timid, it has to be said, the last couple of seasons. Not reliable in front of goal, in fact too often he's looking for a pass and not really having the responsibility of taking it himself. He struck it well enough, but it was straight at the keeper. March of last year, his only Brighton goal. He has scored against Newcastle for both Southampton and Liverpool down the years. Ian Welbeck looking to roll back the years this season with Brighton. He's a top-class continuity player, I would call him, is Adam Lallana. He certainly finds himself in positions where he can turn with space and very often knows whether it's a one or two-touch required, just keeps the move going pretty simply. Here's Callum Wilson taking the ball from Miguel Almorop. Closed down by Webster, who was supported ably by Caicedo. Bruno Gimaraes. Bruno Gimaraes. Now Joel Inton. Sam Maksimov taking the ball from Kieran Trippier. Still nothing quite at the end of it from Sam Maksimov, who continues to provide a spark. I think Almoron's been the brightest of the Newcastle forward plays so far. Took him a while, didn't it, to work his way into Eddie Howell's plans last season, helped by an injury to Ryan Fraser, but he certainly seems to have taken that opportunity. There's Burn. It's the pedal of Solly March in the air. These two know each other very well, and that knuckle between them continues. Indebted he is to Brighton, said Dan Burn before the game on his first return to the club that provided him with a Premier League platform, a player that has appeared in all five top divisions of English football. Back at the club where it all began, where he was released, I think as an 11-year-old. It's been quite a journey. He's the first to acknowledge the part that Brighton played in it. Fabian Scherr. Looking for Almoron. Webster looked like he'd got there first, but Almoron is able to come away with this. Will Sillaby stayed onside. Couldn't beat Robert Samson anyway. Now the flag has gone up. Well, a great opportunity not taken from Newcastle. Webster gets caught out. I thought it was a bit of a trip from Miguel Almoron, but there were no complaints from the Brighton man. He just misjudges this. And their decision to make this, Wilson actually holds this position or make that run earlier. He was onside. Just maybe didn't quite time it. Very tight, wasn't it? But he didn't sod his feet out quickly enough. In the end, it was saved. Certainly would have had a look at that a couple of times. There may well have been one for VAR. I hope that censor's not intervened. Went to three added minutes at the end of this first half, which has been fairly frantic fare at times. Most of the added time because of the drinks break. Here's Sam Maximar. Not precise enough for Gerald Linton. That is part of the reason why the Brazilian had to react as he did and why Alexis McAllister has gone down heavily. Quickly back to his feet. There's the Argentine. That's the one that is going to take the free kick. I know he was on international duty in the summer with Argentina. Looking for options here. He said hi. Gerald Linton beating it in the air. But his presence back helping out his defense might have proved important there because it was gathered up by Nick Polk. Gerald Linton who stayed down after that. And this is why. He's got a little elbow in the face. Looking increasingly likely that the stalemate will continue to halftime here. And he gets a decent purchase on his clearance. It's an awkward one for Joel Veltman. But Newcastle have their moments as well. Both will believe that this game is there for the winning, I'm sure. And it is Brighton immediately on the front foot with Adam Lallana. And it's not a moment that they can capitalize upon. And he's got some three, four yards from that six-yard box. And a little half a yard that he can fashion for himself. And then it's a shot by the foot. Once again, he's looking for a teammate when really shouldn't be. I mean, Trostad had held his ground about five seconds earlier. Options in reserve for later. I'm sure we will see changes. Conditions playing their part. Newcastle had more shots and more shots on target than any team in the Premier League on the opening weekend with that home game against Nottingham Forest. But it was always going to be a very different type of test for them, type of task for them today, wasn't it? Yeah, a test of patience, knowing that for large parts they could be outplayed. And truth, Brighton have not really been able to manage that. Started with a much better side, but in the heat and it is very warm today. So we've got to give allowance to the players to maintain a tempo for 12, 15 minutes. Actually, it's extremely difficult. They've got to pace themselves. Maximite giving that one away and then went sliding in. He has to be careful, yellow-carded in the first half for accumulation. That's a fairly frustrated figure at times today. Bruno Gimaraes to Joe Willock. He's not attacking with his usual conviction, as he's been quite willing to lay the ball off when he's beaten a man or two. Wilson chasing after this and keeping it alive. Joe Lindsay with work to do. Support from Dan Byrne. Not such a popular player in these parts as he is. And then around the training ground, and it's St James' Park since he's moved to Newcastle. He has to try and hurry back in position here, though. Robeck, an isolated target in the middle, here in Trippier, guides it back to his goalkeeper. Yet to finish on the losing side for Newcastle when starting in the Premier League here in Trippier. Winning five of the six before today. Obviously had that chunk out of the team in the broken metatarsal last season shortly after signing from Atletico Madrid. Caicedo, Lallana, Leandro Trossard certainly had his moments in the first half. There is Caicedo. Trossard having continued his run. Did get a foot to that first. Lallana applying the pressure as well. A little bit panicky from Newcastle, so he could come back here. This is Webster. And now Alexis McAllister. Pretty much everything ahead of him. Robeck working it wider. And it goes again! Wonderful save from Pope as he clawed away. Adam Lallana's header. Extended really for the first time in the game. And now the opening potentially at the other end. It would have been forced at maximum, but for the boot. With Adam Webster and now the game's opened up. There's Lallana again. In towards Welbeck. Scherr's clearance was unconvincing. Bit more distance on it from Bopman, but it will come back again from Brighton here. Starting opening ten minutes of the game, isn't it? They've re-emerged, reinvigorated, haven't they? After the half-time interval. Can he get the shot away here? No, it's good play. Solihamid's in the mood. Touched over the top. Dan Byrne knowing him pretty well. Showed him on the inside. It's going to be held from his team-mates. Took a deflection. I think Pope decided not to touch it. Here's the cross again. Brilliant, wasn't it, from March? That really should be a gimme. Adam Lallana into the ground. Usually very difficult for a goalkeeper. But in truth, it was a nice high that it popped up at from Nick Pope. It should have been a more solid header. That's a decent save. I mean, it's a big frame, isn't it, Nick Pope? Not too difficult for him to push that one wide. Got a cross, importantly, but further work potentially for him to do here. And as Pascal Gros sizes up the corner, it's not a good one. Clarence was by Miguel Alboron. The stats will show he was the most accurate player from corner kicks in the Premier League last season. Not this time. Might get another go to deliver here, though. Pope had started to come. Right, to try and build from the back this time with McAllister. Lallana's been heavily involved since the restart, certainly. Gros finding Solih March. Trying to find a way beyond Dan Byrne. The in-swinging delivery, Botman repels it. March may yet make something of it. Requiring a little bit of assistance, surely, here. Dan Byrne probably knows he's going to come back inside onto his stronger left foot, but still not willing to show him really the outside onto his right. Result is he'd beaten a couple of times. Trostad cuts that one out. He's shown a bit too much of it to Atripia, who's appealing for a handball, and that is given. Hasn't had an awful lot to do, Nick Pope, but he dealt with this well. Yeah, nice big hand to claw it away. Not a convincing header, is it, from Adam Lallana? Bounce just not quite close enough to the line. So he skids off the turf, and then it's a lot more difficult for the goalkeeper. He'd have to be clashing a much lower dive. That would have been harder. Before mentioned, wait for a goal for Lallana dating back to March of last year. That's his only goal in the last couple of seasons. That continues. He found himself free right in front of goal. Bruno Kimmelreich, forward by Kieran Tripp here. He's seen too much of Wilson. Veltman eventually guides it back to his goalkeeper, only just a little miscommunication maybe. Here's McAllister. Pascal Gros was the match winner at Manchester United last weekend. He'd love to score against somebody else. They all seem to come for him against that particular opposition. Six goals he's got now against Manchester United. Kosovo. McAllister. Brighton prompting and probing. Veltman joining in with the attack. It's just March. Again, Lallana had made the run in the middle. Webster. He's continued his run. Trossard goes back infield to Caicedo. Well drilled the team defensively. Midfielder, quartet, so quintessentially don't lose their concentration. This is where Brighton have to be ever more patient. Having Fade in the system and the ability that somebody will pop out and make a mistake. Or believe that someone will pop out and make a mistake in the middle of the park or indeed from the back line and break their line. That's why the pace of somebody like Tarek Lamse from the bench may become crucial later on. They don't have that real speedy winging. It's all about inverted ones. Straight for ball retention, not always for stretching opposing teams when you need to find a goal at some point. Imagine a little bit more anxious if not desperate. That's the position Newcastle found themselves in last week against Nottingham Forest. They had to wait for the breakthrough. Here goes Caicedo. Trossard. Again, hangs the cross in. Bockman away. Dunks the ground against Callum Wilson. Tossing continuing throughout the contest. Trossard to McAllister. The intention was to return it to Trossard. Didn't quite get on the end of that. But he hasn't given it up. Now to the frustration of the Belgian. Graham Scott steps in. He was watching and watching, wasn't he, Graham Scott? Did he think Trossard was actually going to let go? They run the show really in that aforementioned match against Nottingham Forest last week. Bruno Gimaraes might have the same sort of influence so far today. He may well have expected that given the nature of the contest. We have seen evidence of the organisation under Eddie Howe and the way that they've defended under pressure in the early stages of this second half. This is Miguel Almiron trying to pick up the pieces, find Skrin Tripiat. We saw last season the influence that Eddie Howe had at the back. 21 goals conceded in the last 20 Premier League games of the season. And the shipping 41 in the first 18. McAllister. Pinging the pass, Soli March on the move. Pope having come a long way and got there, then had the decision to make. Charlinton back defending here. Will Sketperton here and Soli March. Slimster boil over. And still it goes off. A bit of yellow cards. And still, and if it carries on like this, it might be more than that. It's beginning to boil over in the soaring temperatures. All seem to spark out of very little really. Soli March trying to shepherd the ball out for a corner or throw in and Joelinton was having an end. The rest of it was on wasn't it off the pitch. Sorting out for Graham Scott to do. March and Joelinton certainly at the centre of it. And he's going to want a word at least with both of them. And Trippier trying to act as peacemaker. Both captains having their say as well. And it is a yellow card apiece for the protagonists. Yeah, it's also sort of, yeah, it's been a tug this me over, over the shoulder on the arm. Joelinton on March, then March. A little bit of a shove here. You see that how many times a game. Nothing doing now. Dealt with by the referee. As they're still with by Newcastle United, shares header away, McAllister will try and return and he didn't quite catch it cleanly enough or as intended anyway. Will make his job in that midfield a bit tougher from here, the yellow card parts into the book as well. The game remains well within reach for either manager at this stage. You said them done on a day like this, but cool heads are going to be required for whichever can win it. That's why is this case, a dog. So move that that Brighton were expecting. I didn't want to sell Kukurea this summer after just a solitary season on the South Coast. I think it was an exceptions was that there a while ago that last year would have been the sumos last season here. I think that the club a season so they could have held on to him, but what the chances that they would have got more than that for another young man and another 12 months or two years time. It was money that they couldn't turn down for 50 million pounds, probably a so much very good business. On the top two, you're going to tell me Phil. I'm not I was waiting for you to do that. Yeah, I know it's more than Torres. He was 50 million to Chelsea wasn't it. It may come to us in the next 10 or so to ponder isn't it. Yeah, the next few minutes. I haven't seen the record breaking levels of spending that perhaps somewhere expecting at Newcastle since the takeover. I can't be insist though Eddie Howell talking the other day that simply isn't possible because of the restrictions that they operate under a financial fair play regulations that are in place. They don't have the revenue streams of some of the other Premier League clubs yet. Something they're working on certainly working on trying to reach this point and defence here. Sam Metsamon attempting to get in behind. Travelling supporters are those bathed in the sunshine behind the goal at the moment waiting to see what Kieran Trippier can deliver from the corner. These deliveries likely to be a big feature of their season. No shortage of targets for him and a very congested penalty area. So Linton was his target. Trippier will get a second opportunity here and just as menacingly this time towards Dan Byrne but Newcastle will get the free kick. There's been a flag for offside Dan Byrne. A couple of wicked deliveries in from Kieran Trippier. Pacey. Fantastic as you remember just struggling to get back goal side. Well they won two of their last three away games last season five of the last 10 on their travels. Having gone without a victory in the first nine away matches of the previous Premier League season. Trossard has gone down here for Brighton. He's caught Aussie by Kieran Trippier. Well that stage of the game isn't it where the changes were almost inevitable. Chase on for Callum Wilson. We've had Lewis Duncan as a shadow for much of the afternoon. Trossard found himself outnumbered. This is Almiron. Switches it for Sam Maximot to deliver first time. Well Wilson was his target and it's well defended. Yeah Veltman does exceptionally well. He never loses sight really of where he should be positionally. Doesn't really have a lot to see where Wilson is. He focuses on the right area. If it beats the defenders in front of him which it did. And he's had a little bit of luck with such a patient cross. Flies off his shin I believe. Oh no maybe more credit than I gave him for. Good clearance. We are going to see the change. It will be Adam Lallana that makes way here for Enoch Wepru. And he's had that big chance early in the second half. Denied by Nick Pope. And he makes way for the Zambian. Signing Summer Rigo from Salzburg. He comes off the bench for the second game in succession at the start of the season. His first job a defensive one taking his position along with everybody else for Brighton in their own penalty area. Awaiting his latest delivery from Kieran Trippiatt. Was Dan Byrne who met it but couldn't control it. Now what a chance. Missed his time didn't I think Phil? Yeah he gets ahead of a mark. He's thinking of his time jump. He's just on his way down. I think yeah he's got to hold that hang never easy. Great chance here. He's in position. Serba Webster. Turn back doing the day job. Wilson couldn't quite make it stick. Almost came. Winston Casedo did well. Wepru involved early for the first time. Trossard takes over. Delicate stage of the game this. We head towards the midway point of the second half. Webster looking for options from the throw. Casedo's intention was to return it to it. Will it just get his foot in first? Wepru. Falls for Paschal Gross. He's unselfish. Wilbeck's effort is brought. Joe Linton away frantically but importantly. And a Callum Wilson can play the pass here. Here comes the counter for Newcastle. They do have options in support of it. Gimares was looking for Willett. Can't get him stretched. Just as a play over plays up all doesn't it Gimares. When it gets sandwiched out and that opportunity is gone. Not quite enough pace on that ball was there for a good team mate. He should have got a little stab back from Gross. He just needed a bit more pace on the ball. Not easy at all was it for him to come into. As I said, Wilbeck just wanted a bit more on to it and then he's able to really put his foot through the football. So another dredge break. Midway point of the second half. Newcastle are readying changes. I'm going to see the introduction shortly I think of Sean Longstaff. He's just currently receiving some final instructions. Let's talk about the wonderful work that Brighton have done behind the scenes. Tony Bloom the owner. Paul Barber as the chief executive. Dan Ashworth now in situ at Newcastle who by the way have appointed a new chief executive of their own. Darren Eales, previously of Atlanta United in MLS is going to start working just over a week's time. He worked with Dan Ashworth previously at West Bromwich Albion and they continue to make appointments behind the scenes. Including a new sponsorship partnership manager that they've advertised for trying to increase the revenues that will eventually enable Newcastle to spend the sums that many might have expected initially. Yeah, well those revenues will largely be driven by what happens on the pitch. The team becomes more and more successful and of course more sponsors are attracted to the football club. The appeal grows not just in the country and Europe but throughout the world. All dependent on what the team of 11 and the squad of players who come in and out of the side can do. The kind of magic Eddie Howe can work. One of the initial big money signings we saw there Chris Wood on the bench. Waiting in reserve. Scorer of nine goals previously against Brighton down the years and a all-time Brighton loanee. It was over a decade ago when he was here in a temporary spell from West Bromwich Albion. We may see him at some stage. We're still waiting to see these Newcastle changes. Both Longstaff and Jacob Murphy are going to be introduced imminently. But not it would appear before play resumes after the drinks break. The subject of the big spending. Rodri and Kepper I think were the two Spanish players. Just to revisit that for a moment. Oh yes. And yes I did have to be told. Kepper at 75 million, Rodri at 50. Well must have been more than 60 then isn't it? About 63. These are up for debate aren't they? What gets released into the public domain and there were Adams I think in the Kukarea deal as well. Renu Kimaresh. He were equal Newcastle's transfer record. Set by Joel Linsen. Brought in in January. Newcastle still wait to make these changes and Brighton are going to respond with a couple of their own very shortly as well. But first they foray forward with Trossart. Pascal Grossi's effort blocked behind by Schaer. Lampsey's going to come on and pay your Mitoma as well. That would be a debut for the Japanese international shortly. Not until after this corner kick. Now Lampsey will give Dunbar something to think about. Grimes waiting over the corner as he has been patiently for a while before delivering. A couple of players end up in the back of the net, not yet the ball. Brighton hope to change that here. Mwepu returning it. First time effort from Soli March. Rappelled on the line. Nick Pipe in the way once more. Just won't quite go in for Soli March today. Opens his body out well, does he? That's a top class save. It's a great attempt from Soli March. Doesn't swing out the football, lets it come across his body. And that really is a top class stop. March I'm hearing is one of the players that Brighton are about to bring off very shortly. He's come as close as anyone to opening the Spielring today. He's as likely as anybody on the Brighton side, isn't he? He's minded to keep him on. Grose has been a little bit quiet today, as has McAllister. There's time yet for Graham Potter to have a change of heart. A little delay in the taking of the corner as well, whilst Graham Scott has words with Wilson. So a chance here for Brighton to keep the pressure on. It's cut short for Grose to deliver this time. Clearance a little more convincing, but out only as far as Alexis McAllister. Now Quesedo. Trossard. And he catches with everybody in their own half, back behind the ball. That might change here. Eights and distance on the clearance from Kieran Tripp here. Now I think we will see the raft of substitutions, at least two per team incoming. I'm going to see Longstaff and Jacob Murphy for Newcastle. They've been waiting patiently for a good few minutes, actually, down on the touchline. Lamptey and Mitoma will come on, and it is Solly March making way. It's a wonderful reception. They are so well-deserved. So, Lamptey, equally popular is on in his place. And Trossard making way on the other side. It's a double change in the wide positions, and it's welcome to the Premier League for Keoro Mitoma. Spent last season on loan. Tony Blim's Belgian side, Union Saint-Gillet. Four goals in seven caps for his country, including the goal that got Japan to the World Cup. He is on here, and now the Newcastle changes. Willett making way, and so too is Sam Maximoff for Murphy and for Longstaff. With a quarter of an hour or so for the substitutions to make a difference. So the new three-year contract at the end of last season, Sean Longstaff, and you suspect that injury to Jonjo Shelby will afford him a little more game time in the early stages of the new campaign? Yes, one man's misfortune, another one's opportunity. Newcastle players can't claim or won't be able to come the end of the season, you would imagine. They've not had the chance anyhow, has improved them as a group, hasn't he? When he took over the back end of last year, last calendar year, at the end of the season. That's what good coaches do, they're able to work with players who may be a little bit disaffected by a previous regime. Improve them mentally or, as I said, as a unit. There's lots of coaches who can spend 250 million, can't they, if someone else has money? He's going to run away from Lambsea, asking for treatment. He tries to have an immediate impact. Yeah, full-back by trade, but such an attacking threat, as I said, Dan Byrne will have different issues to worry about. Here's this great save again, once we'll see it. Nick Pope, yeah. Marks as well to open his body out, it's a good hit. More leg, I think, than hand. Either way, it's a great save. Excellent reactions again from Nick Pope. One of the new boys who was in the Burnley team that went down on the final day of last season when beaten out at home by Newcastle United. They got the business done pretty early in signing him this summer. You mentioned the work Eddie Howell has done here, of course, relatively recently. He's signed a new long-term contract extension as well, despite only joining in November. In fact, he was here watching on when Graham Jones took charge of the team last November in a one-all draw, and then that's met at the Amex. It had been done just a couple of days prior to that. Didn't take long to have an impact on the team, that is for sure. He's one of those coaches, Eddie Howell, who actually takes some pride and has some confidence that he can improve a group of players. He does like all coaches say, we'll need some new playing staff, but I'm quite happy to work with these guys and see if we can make some kind of improvements and impressed with him and the job he's done so far at Newcastle. Callum Wilson there, one that he worked with so successfully previously, of course. Bournemouth reunited on Tyneside. Time just beginning to run out today if we are to get a winner. It's time for a few other changes potentially. It's interesting, Eddie Howell talking this week about how he's set the team down, explained about the history of the club. Important, he says, that they understand who they're playing for. Gave them a lesson in the Kevin Keegan days, and he wants to get Kevin Keegan to the training ground, he says, to come and talk to them in person. He spoke to him before taking the job actually last year. Wetproof of Brighton. Had time to set himself before delivering the cross, but it wasn't a dangerous one, but it's Joel Linton able to advance clear for Newcastle. This is Wilson. Wilson, what a ball. Trying to turn for a vider, it was an excellent ball. Normally it's Callum Wilson on the end of those sort of deliveries, isn't it? Yeah, long stuff. Didn't quite commit himself. Murphy on the far side was a little bit too wide to have any chance of getting onto that ball. It's a lot of us with better delivery. That's well waited for. Miguel Almiron who got to it first, but the offside flag has gone up. Yeah, very often strikers, they do make good trusses of the football, they know exactly what's required. That one, I'm feeling that Sanchez actually left it. He was such a dangerous one to deal with. Maybe he was confident that there was no Newcastle. He knows exactly what's required. That one, I'm feeling that Sanchez actually left it. He was such a dangerous one to deal with. Maybe he was confident that there was no Newcastle, man. Then we'll slide that one into the file post. Actually complained last week, Callum Wilson, he didn't get the service he was hoping for, but he was trying to provide some of his own for somebody else. There is Mitterma big day for him. Signing that they hope can catch the opposition a little by surprise. Signed a four-year contract last summer. By surprise. Signed a four-year contract last summer. Before that season out on loan in Belgium for the Union side that actually finished top of the table. Now, first year after promotion, he missed out to Club Bruges in the playoffs for the title. Some are a teammate of Dennis Sundhout. He was another option for later. He's into the thick of things here, showing what he can do. Wepu helps it on. Mitterma almost in behind, he would have been, but for the late intervention of Miguel Almorov. Yeah, linked up well with Wepu. I think Schur's going to get away without a yellow card there. Plotted into the Brighton substitute. Trying to seize the chance to showcase his skills in the spotlight. A move that means much to Mitterma. And a corner kick to come for Brighton. Gross to take, that really could have gone anywhere. Mitterma is underneath it. Really well here for Pascal Gross to cut it back. Deflected and off the line from Schur. Veltman can't quite believe it, it was his effort that looked set to open the scoring. Once again, so close for the Seagulls. Had to get it out of his seat, didn't he, Joel Veltman? Lovely play from Mitterma, isn't it, linking it up with Pascal Gross. Good cut, then starts to open his body out. Deflection off Dan Byrne, wasn't it? That took it goalward. Once again, grateful to a man on the touchline for being sharp with the clearance. Yeah, this one's not even close, is it? They must have been checking to see if there was a handball or not with Schur, but he keeps his hand behind his back. Yeah, that's not even close to going over the line. Now there was a check that is now complete, but it was another heart-in-mouth moment for Newcastle. I thought Fabian Schur was able to complete the clearance there. Dan Byrne would be a relief, man, against his former side. Past his keeper, but not past his outfield team-mate. Here's Almiron. Murphy. That ball's got to go wide. Didn't give Almiron any chance at all, did he? Run steps across to shut the door on Tarek Lamsey. Former England U21 international Lamsey turned down a call-up this summer by the U21s to pledge his international allegiance to Ghana. Yeah. Trying to encourage a lot of the British born or base players to turn out. There's a World Cup to go to. Moron on the move here. Doesn't quite sit for Callum Wilson. There's a World Cup to go to. Moron on the move here. Doesn't quite sit for Callum Wilson. Pascal Grosse turned into trouble and into Dan Byrne. Right-hand Lutzer taking it very quickly. Turned into trouble and into Dan Byrne. Right-hand Lutzer taking it very quickly. Lamsey towards Smitoma. Lamsey towards Smitoma. Quecedo. Seppertut heavily involved here. Seppertut heavily involved here. Smitoma once more. And he's away from Choupi. And still it won't quite go in. Pascal Grosse, last week's match winner. Have further glory in his sights. Came at him quickly, Phil. Smitoma with some silky feet on this near side. What an entrance this has been, hasn't it? Lovely little cutback. He didn't quite open his body out quickly enough. Yeah. Comes off his heel back. He didn't quite open his body out quickly enough. Yeah. Comes off his heel. Clips the post and goes wide. Trippier's beaten all ends up. He can't fully commit to that bodily challenge. He will send him to ground. It's a penalty. That's a great chance. Lamsey Grosse just wasn't able to open his body out. Lamsey Grosse just wasn't able to open his body out. Two at Old Trafford, last week. But that one, Snakes just the other side. Lamsey Grosse just wasn't able to open his body out. Two at Old Trafford, last week. But that one, Snakes just the other side of the post. Going into the final five of the 90. Brighton with a better chance. Probably should mention at this junction, Newcastle haven't had a goal as draw in the last 50 Premier League matches. This one is heading that way, but there is time for a dramatic late twist yet. Another little bit of sorting out for Graham Scott to do here. There's Tarek Lapsi, consistently flagging against it. There's Tarek Lapsi, consistently flagging against it. Chris Wood is coming on. For the final few minutes, change up top is imminent for the team. We've kept a good tempo, haven't we, this last 15 or so minutes? Brighton at home side pushing for the opening goal of the game. As usual, patience. As usual, patience. Callum Wilson, the man coming off as this change is made, unable to add to his goal last weekend. Or is he? He's told to go off on the other side of the field. Or is he? He's told to go off on the other side of the field. He won't be particularly thankful for that on a day like this, will he? Well, he's going to be walking around in front of his own supporters largely, so he won't get too much stick. On in his place comes Chris Wood, Brighton, in a lone stint from West Bromwich. He's had nine goals, I should say, in 31 games in Albion colours a dozen seasons ago now. a dozen seasons ago now. Brighton and Webster. Changed from Wetroot. Cher had enough of a head start and he decided he couldn't take any chances there. take any chances there. The team still looking the likelier winners. There is to be a definitive twist. Too many options immediately available for Adam Webster. Webster's first involvement is back helping out in defence. I mentioned the eight goals that he scored against Brighton down the years, only against Huddersfield Town as Chris Wood managed more than the opposition that he is facing today, but he doesn't have long to make a difference. In the second half, completely insane. I think he'd let that fizzing Gerd Kroos go by him from Colin Wilson about 10 or so minutes ago. Kofman has been a bystander. Kofman has been a bystander. Kofman has been a bystander. Kofman has been a bystander. He's on the ball. Recent distance on that. Lamptey against Brown. He's on the ball. Recent distance on that. Lamptey against Brown. He's on the ball. He's on the ball. Wood has won it well. Wood has won it well. Wood has won it well. Wood has won it well. The last 30 seconds of the 90 minutes. The last 30 seconds of the 90 minutes. There is Miguel Almiron. Might come for long, Steph. Almost there. Almost there. Kroos had to concede the corner. Another goal here for Newcastle will be an absolute steal. I sense they are an absolute steal. They are an absolute steal. They are an absolute steal. It is quite an arduous afternoon thus far on the south coast. It is quite an arduous afternoon thus far on the south coast. Into the four added minutes we go. Into the four added minutes we go. Into the four added minutes we go. Dunk who just nicked it away from danger. Dunk who just nicked it away from danger. Dunk who just nicked it away from danger. West Bromwich Albion, the last time Newcastle were involved in a West Bromwich Albion, the last time Newcastle were involved in a goalless draw in the Premier League. goalless draw in the Premier League. Touch for Murphy. Touch for Murphy. He gets it back from Burn. He gets it back from Burn. He gets it back from Burn. McAllister, he is playing a slightly deeper McAllister, he is playing a slightly deeper midfield role at the start of the season, midfield role at the start of the season, making himself available again here. when I think grey pot's a lot