 foam opener for Brentford might just have a similar feel about it Gary. We're looking forward to the game it's always brilliant here a lot of state. So Manchester United get us underway here. New season and in a way with a new manager we should draw a clean slate but the way that Manchester United season disintegrated particularly away from home it's six successive away defeats this is predominantly the same squad it's so important for them even though it is early on in the season that they put that to bed take a forward step. It is and you're looking at the heat you have to discuss the heat today obviously everyone in the country's experiencing it and you're thinking well does it suit Manchester United yeah it should do on the ball but if Brentford can make it a running game then we know that they do run further than this United team so see what happens. A couple of new faces for the fans to have a look at here Ben Mee and Aaron Hickey who has started the young Scottish international in that right wing back role he did fill in in the back three when they switched towards the end of that comeback here's Cristiano Ronaldo fed well by Rashford he goes to ground Stuart Atwell our referee sees nothing doing there. Well that was good from Rashford the turn the pass it just went down a little easy the referees have to say they're not falling for those anywhere near as much as they used to. Well as Thomas Frank said about Christian Eriksen's return we'll give him a hug before the game we'll give him a hug afterward but during we will compete fiercely and look to beat him. That's one of the few options that the hugely talented Dane had on the table staying here or going to Manchester United he elected to move from the west of the capital to the northwest of the country and he'll be much happier from the start in this deeper more creative role I think it's a stretch to say the false nine role didn't really work for him. No. He's a talented player get him on the ball as much as you possibly can and he's better in the game in front of him particularly this phase in his career. And we thought about coming Rico Henry but has dropped back to deal with the threat of Sancho. It'll be a Brentford free kick look at the man handling on one of the Brentford Danish contingent Matthias Jensen. So Lissandra Martinez brought in a little bit of a tussle with Ivan Toni but six of one half a dozen of another there's the Atwell verdict flick from Ronaldo Bruno Fernandes back to Cristiano Ronaldo for the tester for the Spanish international David Raya. Maybe a different story in December there's a bit of rain on the pitch quite comfortable in the end that bounce in front of the goalkeeper. 24 of Manchester United's goal coming from Cristiano Ronaldo last season and whatever the noises that have been coming about from his camp about whether he's going to stay at the club and they cannot do without that sort of level of contribution up top whether it's from him or elsewhere. Well it's pretty clear Lissandra Martinez is going to be targeted by every single team on those long balls diagonals and balls into the box. He's just swapping with Maguire there so Maguire comes forward to the near post to be the centre back that attacks it you see and that's a slip back one. A different league different challenge but in terms of the edit of his last season he didn't have the best aerial dual success rate he's going to need to bring that to the party here as it's held in by Jenson. Manchester United have not dealt with that well and they're able to smuggle it behind for a Grand Prix corner. I just can't see how these set pieces I'm not surprised but they've just thrown that in long every chance they get they should just pump it into the box because it's going to be a nightmare for United they are very very small out on that pitch today. It's a department in which Manchester United are lacking and Brentford usually are pretty competent from you see they're right up rubbing shoulders with the best in the Premier League last season. They've got no one back I mean they're splitting out a little bit now they can't wait to get in on the end of this. Brentford licking their lips. Bomo delivers. Henry blasts it over. No doubt about it Brentford's first Premier League season was a roaring success wasn't it amongst the best debut Premier League seasons we've seen recently you have to go back to 2015-16 when Bournemouth had a great season against Chelsea and then they had a great season against Chelsea. I think that's a big part of the reason why they're so good. I think that's the reason why they're so good. I think that's the reason why they're so good. I think that's the reason why to go back to 2015-16 when Bournemouth got 11 wins in their debut Premier League season. It's the most recently comparable one but it was that pickup at the end when Christian Ericsson arrived that phenomenal impact. Seven of their 13 league wins came in the nine games he started. You do sense around the Brentford camp there's a determination to show although he undoubtedly helped them it was not a one-man show. Yeah they were both high I thought it was fair the ball was there to be won it just popped up. Not much talk about the lack of transfer activity for Manchester United. Brentford have been busy. They've continued their policy of signing young talented players and Aaron Hickey was involved in that coming together with Luke Shaw very much fitting the brief there only 20 years old. Moving from Serie A and Bologna. Brought by Cristiano Ronaldo 17 years his senior. So unsurprisingly Manchester United setting up with a very high line to repel this set-piece threat from the home side just a bit. Jenson to Norgard you could see what they were trying to do. The intent was there the execution not so much. Cassandra and Martinez and sat right onto in Brentford. It was one of the factors you mentioned the heat already Brentford's play particularly here at home always high octane always front foot. Of course you have the five substitutions which will help it suddenly out Brentford on the opening day. It looked like a routine bit of housekeeping for the Manchester United keeper. Far from it just a silver for Brentford. Well a dream for Brentford a nightmare for De Gea. United initially got caught on the press from Brentford off the goal kick and then Ronaldo gets sacked and there's a break on. And then I'm not quite sure what more you can say other than it's an incredibly bad error from David De Gea. It's not the first time we've seen it. He doesn't get his body behind it. He goes to scoop it up with both hands. And it just slips right through them. But the pressure for Brentford was big. As was the mistake from that man. His reward for that excellent goal last week at the King Power Stadium and the lovely scenes that followed was a place in the starting lineup today. And he's made the most of it. Here's Shaw for Manchester United. Jadon Sancho. Back to Bruno Fernandes. Pretty decent chance to hit right back. Yeah it's a good response. It's a good little one-two on this near side. Two one-twos. Shaw right at the heart of it. You wonder whether Sancho himself is going to hit it but he lays it back to Fernandes. It's wild. He lashes at it. He feels he was fouled on the goal Cristiano Ronaldo in the build-up to it. I don't think he was. Sandro Martinez winning it back for Manchester United. But Brentford tails are up. Bruno Fernandes. Sancho. It's more urgent. It's a good chance for Sancho. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. He's got the ball. Bruno Fernandes. Sancho. It's more urgency about Manchester United since going behind. Eriksen onto it. Ronaldo waits in the middle. And header from Hickey. And now Rashford for Manchester United. Madoise. He can lose his bearings a little bit there, but the offside flag is up anyway against Marcus Rashford. Let's have another look at what Cristiano Ronaldo is so unhappy about in the build-up to the goal. I'm not sure. If anything, the first one, there might have been a little bit of contact, but the second one, definitely not. Maybe that little kick out there. I'm not sure there's too much contact. As I said before, the other one on Ronaldo higher up the pitch, the referees are just not having them anymore. Get up, get on with it is the message. Well, there were pre-season positives for Manchester United. They evaporated after going behind at Brighton last weekend. They seem to stop using their new-learned habits under Eriksen Haagen. They've had a fair share of their recent away games. Not a happy tale at all. Rochdale. De Silva. Looking for Mboma. Haven't used well. Blocked off by Norgaard. He's found Brown and Boma. Maguire with the block. No way out there. Jenson. Piquet. The goal scorer, De Silva. I think the time provider and very nearly managing to do so. He was taken off the toes of Brown and Boma. But this is good from Brentford. Really good and a crucial piece of defending at the near post by Martinez. I thought it had slipped past him. He's writing down notes, Eriksen Haagen. Norgaard. They managed Manchester United to do a double against Brentford last season. One thing they didn't do in either game was fall behind. We were there that Monday night towards the end of the season. It was a rare high point in the run-in for Franjeck and Manchester United. This could be another low point. Maguire slides in on the edge of his penalty area. He feels he got the ball. Stuart Atwell clearly doesn't. A yellow card for the Manchester United captain. We know how vulnerable this Manchester United team are. You just mentioned them going behind. Every time they have it at the back, particularly when they're walking with the ball and slowing it down, it's Eriksen who gets caught. Then all of a sudden, Bermo and Toney are off. He's lunging Harry Maguire. He just goes right through him. He's looking at Martinez. He's got back in there or else that would have been a red. Here's Paul Tierney. He's had a look at that. Just a yellow. I always think these are nightmares for goalkeepers anyway. Forget whether you've just made a mistake like he has. But once it gets past the wall, if it gets past the wall, you see I think it's Fred. Sancho, I think, lying down there behind the goal. And the reason he's doing that is that anything that goes through the wall and past that line leaves David de Gea with very little reaction time. You think left-footer and Bermo, if he bends it around the wall, it's going to be a lot for David de Gea to save it. It looks like there's a gap there. It is Jenson, and it's just over. It's just over. It is Jenson, and it's just over. You see that gap there. It just looked like a left-footer could bend it around Ericsson, but I'm surprised they go with the right-footer, which I think is a mistake. Jenson, the player who's never scored in the Premier League. Jenson's also in it! What have you scored now? The Manchester United defence crumbled around it. Unprecedented. Unprecedented. Unprecedented. Unprecedented. Unprecedented. Unprecedented. Unprecedented. Unprecedented. Unprecedented. They've crumbled around it. And Brentford, within the first 18 minutes, are tuning up. Well, they've been told to play. He shakes his head to the manager. They're splitting the centre-backs, Barcelona-style. Ericsson's dropping in, but Brentford are not having it. They're all over it like a rash. And it's the same thing again. Warning. He knows the player, he knows the ground, and David De Gea tries to anticipate where it's going to go in the end, but Manchester United are in a mess. They're being pressed like you wouldn't believe, and pressured like you wouldn't believe, and they're crumbling in this first 20 minutes. Two nil down in the first half on day one. Two nil down in the first half on match day two of the Premier League season for Manchester United. Last week it was Brighton, this week it's Brentford. Domo, not the touch ahead of Martínez, couldn't quite keep it in. Jenson's pressing so high up onto Eriksen, there is no pass on from David De Gea, I know they've worked on the training ground, but it doesn't exist, it's not there. Ballot. Sancho, he blocks it initially. He's the one that won't be fazed out there at all, he's seen everything, and he's somehow not just asked to get Manchester United back in this game himself, he's got to somehow inspire and calm and compose everyone around him. Brentford were no respecter of reputations here last season, were they? They got some big scalps, and even when they didn't win, they made the big guns a real going over, remember that three-all draw against Liverpool? That was pretty spectacular, they ran Chelsea close, although they ended up being edged out first half last season, they battered Manchester United, could have been a similar story to this before United rallied in the second. Ballot, he whipped the block. I was talking earlier on, they arrived here quite early, this afternoon, and we're here for that first Premier League game against Arsenal at the start of last season, loved coming here ever since, I was here for that Chelsea game where they were brilliant, and they just got edged out, it's a fantastic stadium, great atmosphere, they do everything well. They certainly started well here, not even halfway through the first half. He tells a story. Story. This is Shaw. Fred. If we ever see that out under pressure from Marcus Rashford. Come on, come on. Come on, Marcus, come on! Well, Eric Ten Haard might be feeling he wishes he could get his players around him and have something of a timeout. Fortunately, the conditions mean that he will get something to be able to try and reorganise, try to stop the rot, drink spray will be forthcoming, because of these high temperatures, You'll have seen it across the land in the Premier League, across the leagues, actually, this weekend. Strip is the ball, Rico Emery, he's got to get back now, though. He's gifted it to Jadon Sancho. This is Rashford. A block from Mdane-Roosleff. Fernandes looking for his compatriot. Knee stooping to clear to Dalot. Now Ronaldo. Dalot. You just see here over this side, this is where Brentford are getting out all the time. Comanches United can't win a first ball in this channel, and they're just setting everything up off it. And then they played it in behind like that. Might go out this time. Shor and Martínez have got the work cut out, and Bermo and Toni just ganging up on them in the air. Time for a drink. Nurik and Lago wish you could have something stronger than the isotonic fluids on offer. Out comes the tactics board from Thomas Frank. I don't think he'll want to tweak too much. It's all gone wonderfully well for him, just as it's all unraveled again for Eric Ten Hag and Manchester United. Two goals of their own making, really, Gary. Yeah, it's been a simple game plan. Brought on by Brentford, though, because this throwing in the corner was brought on by Brentford winning the ball high up the pitch. They then counter-attack off the throwing. Obviously, it's a terrible mistake by David de Gea in the end, which causes Manchester United problems. Ronaldo, he thought he deserved a foul. But that got Brentford going, and then this. Basic tactics, Jenson, that pass is just not there. Set pieces, play the ball in that left channel on Martínez and Shor, and press Eriksen off the goal kicks has been the three things that Thomas Frank has set his team out to do, and it's brought its dividends like you wouldn't believe in this first 25 minutes. Eric Ten Hag and his coaching staff, Mitchell van der Haag, who worked with him at Ajax, Steve McLaren back as part of the coaching staff at Manchester United, of course, a little bit of time to get a big message across. Here we go again. What are they going to do this time? Brentford won't change. And Jenson's just walking up to the flat. Look at him sprint forward now. There you go. And it's under the Brentford fans' cheer, the Manchester United fans' cheer. Let's willy it forward. Jenson, too strong for Ronaldo on that occasion. Toney at glance to Ndomo. Eriksen's block facilitates a glass clearance. Goes straight out of play. They've got to settle down, Manchester United. And if you're Brentford, keep that tempo up. Keep pressurising them. They're so uncomfortable. Here's the start of the second half. Here's Da Silva. Hickey. Sports seemingly by Bruno Fernandes and Didier Roos. Well, it's just lax. It's three or four Manchester United players over there, but not really any of them pressurising well. They've now got a set piece to defend. The likes of Iban Toney and Tontes Janssen, they've got players who are so good in the air as well. Ben Mees, no slouch. I'm guessing that he's just going to block Maguire. I just block Maguire and the rest of them should have the measure. Here, he was able to react and get decent distance on it. Now Da Silva. Another Brentford three-kick. Really good from Da Silva. Four from Rashford initially, then Dalot. Punches it away, gets good distance on it, David de Gea. But he shouldn't wriggle out of this. When it's 2 v 1. Goes past one, past two, like they're not there. Really good from him. His return after a really nasty injury, a career-threatening injury. It's been a real bright point for Brentford. Bleating appearances towards the end of last season, but what an impact he's made at the start of this. Two in two. Brentford have two, seeking a third. Hickey. Off Rashford for a Brentford corner. Hickey. Off Rashford for a Brentford corner. I thought that was a handball, but I think it's actually Jansen's hand. wrestling with him little variation on the corner kick routine from Brentford wasted in by Mbomo, mighty leap by Tony it's still alive it's fine Ben Mead leads the celebrations of Manchester United look around for a flag that isn't gonna come the misery piled on half an hour played Brentford 3 Manchester United 0 shell-shocked Ericsson hard if you said to me before the game I'm not a gambling man that Brentford might just score from a set-piece I'd say yeah I absolutely think they will this is no surprise whatsoever Ericsson hard has picked the smallest team he possibly could thinking that they're gonna outperform Brentford outplay them Martinez five foot nine against me no chance no chance you have to deal with the physical aspects of the Premier League of Manchester United are not doing that a home debut goal for Ben Mead following his move from Burnley Ben Mead have to say it's like a men's team against under nines now we have a club in its second Premier League season the second game of it against a 13 time Premier League champions unless we celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Premier League the most famous name during that time in terms of winning titles that are on their knees here in West London they have a delay in play because of an intruder on the pitch they've been dealt with now well last Sunday didn't surprise me I thought that's what would happen I thought Manchester United would do better today I thought away from home away from Old Trafford that they would play football in this heat but they've been mauled bullied messed about with like you wouldn't believe in this first half an hour and there's nowhere to go you've got an hour left you know stick your chest out and play but Brentford absolutely rampant and brilliant well done to Thomas Frank unless you're saying isn't that at your note as well as anyone when you are a big team and inverted commas coming to a place like Brentford you earn the rights to play your football in the first 20 minutes or so Manchester United finding themselves three mil down after 30 I just thought the heat today would prevent Brentford from playing their normal swashbuckling game that the way in which they get the crowd up there and still 40 degrees down there at pitch level it's unbelievable and yet Brentford have been magnificent they've been encouraged the day of mistakes a big moment in the game and it takes the momentum away but since then they've been fantastic and no response from United you Christian Erickson thinks he's back the wrong horse you you sure Bruno Fernandez Bala the bodies committed forward here for Manchester United Sancho amongst them Bala Sancho Fred Marshall by Jansen Sancho really nicely felt with by Brentford who hit the front with either Tony now he looks for a timeout it's brilliant Manchester United absolutely demolishing them well that is absolutely brilliant for Brentford what a goal that is the composure in the roadblocks initially and it's cleared up field Manchester United have committed too many bodies forward but Tony looks you think he's gonna take Martins on he doesn't he plays an absolutely brilliant pass then you're thinking sure is he gonna get sent off is he gonna foul and Bermo no and then Bermos touch and finish Wow what a goal what a moment for Brentford football club brilliant sets himself his touches back across his body which takes it away from Shaw which is critical and then the left foot finished he has no chance what first half of football we're seeing here the annihilation of Manchester United and Brentford with the most delicious strain of second season syndrome goodness me still tend to play on the first half air he's got nothing to say he's got nowhere to go what do you do at halftime if you're Eric Tan hard what can you possibly say to those 11 players who've been out there in the first half what can you say I think you just got to send them out again that would be it I'm not quite sure what else he can do well we're now looking and I know it's a different season but two of the last three games Manchester United have found themselves four nil down four nil defeat at Brighton who of course beat them on the opening day and four nil and counting here away the tide is flowing the silver who got the first neither third Fred Ronaldo to Bruno Fernandes Rashford has the pace to get him behind Roslav Reyes down the long way Rashford on the deck Ryan on the ball well it was risky for Raya really was not quite sure why he's out there it was well into that channel Rashford still had so much to do but he got there it was clumsy they both got there at the same time let's have a look at it again a little bit closer yes his shoulder Raya eventually makes contact with the ball Rashford's left in a heap Manchester United have never been four nil down in the Premier League at this stage in a match Larrick ten Hag trying to build a team on the pitch we know all about the issues he's having an unrest clearly building off it and season at Old Trafford started with demonstrations and protestations outside the ground it ended with familiar exasperation for the fans on it this was to be a fresh start away from home today no one could have foreseen what has unraveled here in the first half well this was supposed to be the day that Manchester United found a bit of form ahead of one of their standout games of the season Monday night football next week August the 22nd it's United against Liverpool from Old Trafford all coming on early six loads of I thought that particular fixture was bad last season you well there was an extraordinary tally my remember the last time Brentford played a Premier League match on this ground I ended up with nine men so she cannot sent off they already gone down to ten because they've used all their substitutions Leeds United with that late goal to save their Premier League lives it was a rare blip and what had been very strong finish to the season particularly at home they barely conceded a goal here let alone lost the match before that game you you Ashton he was not telling the sting out of it yeah he did well Rosa Pinkie just left him isolated went and charged down sure far too early We showed Rashford on the outside. I say it's been pretty basic stuff from Brentford, but brilliant stuff. That last goal was special. But the rest of it, they've been compact in defence and let United have it in these areas. They pressurised from David De Gea's goal kicks and then set pieces. A huge threat. And one more thing, just putting that ball in that left channel and making sure they win that first contact. Really good game plan. I think Manchester United felt they would just come here today and play football. Because they've got better football players, but does it work like that? When it sounds very 1980s, 1990s, you've got to win the fight, you've got to earn the right to play. All those things that were said to me as a young player, they still do ring very true in a lot of games. And particularly this one at Brentford, you've got to be up for it. And then there's a shot comfortably blocked away. Shaw to Eriksen. Never scored in a Brentford shirt on this ground, his only goal coming the last time Brentford hit four. The only previous time they hit four in the Premier League. That extraordinary win at Stamford Bridge. All coming together there, the height difference as much as anything responsible for it, Martinez and Tony. Ronaldo. Chris Fred. Shaw. Maguire's header, that by me. Pressured more, sprinted more, run more. Merrier battles, Gary. And winning by four. Hickey. Da Silva. Four added minutes confirmed by the fourth official, Anthony Taylor. Martinez to Shaw. Should be right, he's got a glove on it. And by the head of Henry, that's two hats on it. I'm trying to think of one thing that Manchester United have done well in the first half and I can't think of one. Not a cross, not a pass. Not a run. Not one thing. And it's just giving him a footing in the game, it's just allowing them to get up and pitch Brentford. Take the time now. Throw it into that channel. Try and work a position higher up the pitch where they can get their long throw away. Ronaldo. Rashford paused, the answer certainly did not. And that was a little bit too much of the shell of Hickey on Ronaldo. David in by David Raya. He's actually replaced David De Gea in the Spanish international squad. Unai Simon, the Spanish number one these days, certainly was for the Nations League in June. Robert Sanchez of Brighton. De Gea surplus to requirements for the World Cup round the corner. Luis Enrique is watching here. He will perhaps not think that he's made an incorrect decision there. There you go. Fancy this. Offside I think. Might be wrong. The commander's touched a bit behind anyway. There's no flag. There will be a corner. There will be time to take it as well. I thought it was just offside, might not have been. Just on the edge, maybe not. But they're going to have to defend another ball into that box. And it's a charge. Cueing up. More Brentford lip licking. Jenson and Mboma decide who will take. Drilled deep by Jenson. Now the scarcely believable 45 minutes of football. Manchester United on their knees at half time. David de Gea's mistake. Well, that set the pattern and allowed De Silva to give Brentford the lead. But it got worse from that. First Premier League goals from Jenson and Benmie in the colours. Brentford will not want to change one thing, except perhaps to tilt the scoreline even further in their favour. They've never scored five Premier League goals in a match before. If this continues in anything like the same vein as the first half, then they'll have to wait too much longer. Well, the substitutions from Eric Ten Haag, just to get more height on the pitch. McTominay for Fred, Varane for Martinez. It was always a massive risk before the game. I said I admired him for it because he believed in his players. He thought they were going to play football, but it's backfired horribly. And set pieces before the game. Physicality were always going to be a big issue. I'm not asking you to report blame, but effectively is it a bad tactical set up from the manager? The reason that it's all falling apart, or is it the way that it's been executed? Look, I think I was surprised Martinez, 5'9 centre-back playing at Brentford against them, Bermontoni. I thought that the set pieces before the game, we highlighted it. We went through it. We showed that chart saying that Brentford were the fourth best in the league last season. And that left channel was always going to be a problem. I'm not saying it was the only problem. But I think not having, not dealing with the physicality element, it's just can't do it. They're not Manchester City. There he goes. He's had his Patrice Ebre moment. I remember Patrice Ebre getting substituted at half time at Manchester City, in one of his very early games for the club. And he'll watch the second half now with Fred, who's been taken off as well. And hopefully learn a lot. The steepest of learning curves for the Argentinian international. Here's the Portuguese Dalot. Jadon Sancho. Well done, Imperia. Brentford looking to play out again. And they have a chance to do so through the score of the fourth. And Bermode, Baran came across. Well, it's a good job he did. With a sleep in. Henry, trying to get his head up. He had acres of space and no one particularly of a mind to track him either. I mean, look at that. Those are shambles. What are they doing? The long throw. Often a weapon that Brentford use. They scored from one, you might remember, on the opening day here last season. Almost got an opportunity there before it was hooked away by a high-biz Manchester United player. And there's the shot. Variation as it's short to Tony. Henry. And Tomane, I think a bit more physicality into that Manchester United midfield. But he can't do anything if the ball is played to him like that. A corner kicked it to Brentford by Jadon Sancho. Brentford invited on. Well, they've got more high there with Varane and then McTominay and Maguire in the zones on the six-yard box, on the edge of the six-yard box. Ready to attack it. Another convincing head on it. Tony to tee it up. De Gea saves with his legs. But the danger far from away just yet. Guard over. Right, I don't. Tony. He misses the ball, McTominay. Just doesn't get anything on it. De Gea makes an awkward one for him with that near post. It is going in. Great noise around the G-Tech Community Stadium, as it's known now after they signed a sponsorship deal over the summer. Just about 20,000 crammed in here. About 5,000 less than the capacity of the Sir Alex Ferguson standard Old Trafford. Here's Dalot. Meld up, only able to head wide and he thumps the ground in frustration. He's annoyed with himself. Gets switched over, some decent play from Manchester United. And Dalot crosses early, sees that Ronaldo is there in the middle. It's just in front of Rose-Leah. You think back to Manchester United towards the end of last season, they were conceding half-fulls of goals on the road. They conceded three or more in four of their finals last six games last season. They started off this season in a similar vein. The damage surely too much to repair here. I've been watching United for 42 years and I'm trying to think, I can't think of a moment where I've ever felt that it's been as bad as what it was in that first half. Creating a couple of opportunities, Ronaldo getting closer. Another cross from this side and we know Cristiano Ronaldo's movement in the box is electric, that late and fast movement comes alive. The only surprise is that he doesn't hit the target. Going back to that first half, Gary, in pure statistical terms, we know that it hasn't happened in the Premier League era that they've conceded four goals so quickly. As Kelly said a moment ago, they've never been four down at half-time in a Premier League match before. Those are two pointers as to just how desperate it was. That is taking nothing away from the way that Brentford took the fight to them and punished them in some style, particularly that fourth goal. And Bormo. The impact of that first half will be devastating for these players in terms of their confidence, unless they can do something miraculous in this second. You just think of the impact it will have on the season, you think of the impact it will have on the players who are trying to sign and think, do I want to come? Would I even think of coming at this moment in time to this football club? And so the impact just isn't on these players, on the fans that are in the stadium, it goes beyond that. Ripples go across Europe. Well, assuming that they do go on to lose this game, will be the first time since the very first season of the Premier League, 31 years ago, that they lost their first two games. Actually, they didn't win their first three games that season. That didn't end up too badly, went on to win the title. The first of those 13, I don't think too many will be thinking that there will be similar redemption after this desperate start. Sancho. A bit more zip about Manchester United as they find Ronaldo. Malasia. The block by Ruslev and the clearance by Josh de Silva. Martial. McTominay. Sancho, the width provided by Dalot. That did Kerr out of play, so it'll be a goal kick and a chance for Brentford to make their first change. Just the single one. Vitaliy Yanok will come on and replace him in the starting line-up, Josh de Silva. I'll keep that change on ice just for the moment. Tony and Maguire, Tassel. Dalot beat some Bomo to it. Just pointing out that this is not exactly a full-strength Brentford side, they are in most departments, but at the back they've got Mats Ruslev, who is predominantly a right wing-back, playing on the right-sided defence, there's no Ethan Pinnock, no Christopher Aja, both out injured. So two of arguably their first-choice back, three both out injured, and they did strengthen in that department with the recruitment of Ben Mee this summer. Brentford have been wonderful, every time I've been here. The effort, the togetherness, the spirit, and then it connects to the manager and to the fans, the stadium. They're all together. And together they attack here. Hickey, Ruslev, overlapping from that right flank of the back three, and carving out a corner. When he went forward then, Rashford decided not to follow him, which might be a half-decent idea, so that Manchester United don't have to face these set-pieces and these corners. Mingus sends a message, just saying, we fancy this. Tony's peeled round the back, but Ericsson knows the tricks here. He was the only one who was alert, and he needed to be. And he was. And you're absolutely right. He just spins round the back and gets blocked by Ben Mee, it's clever. And he's got a chance to score. And he's got a chance to score. And he's got a chance to score. And he's got a chance to score. And he's got a chance to score. And he's got a chance to score. And he's got a chance to score. And he's got a chance to score. But he's thrown one pass back at Mee. That's clever. But he's thrown one pass back at Mee. That's clever. And just recovers in time. it's transfer unfortunately for. Malasia, hooks it away. And for the Endeavour from Mboma to get back. Fantastic. He's down there in that corner. He's a centre forward and he sprints back. And the contrast with Marcus Rashford's approach a moment ago was striking, isn't it? That's exactly what was in my head. One man playing for one team, putting everything in, and the other humbling around. Toney Mboma nearly in. Malasia able to get a toe there. The flag is up for offside anyway. He'll be well, Malasia. We saw briefly last week, he is tenacious. And he gets back quickly. He looks like he's got a bit of bite about him at least. Quick in. And... Anthony Alanga sent on to replace Jadon Sancho in the fourth Manchester United substitution. Trent could still wait to make their first. It's going to be a double one. The look of things. Matt Sorensen has been pulled back and might be freshening things up at the back as well as in midfield. This is Ericsson. McTominay. Alanga will have to check his run. And the flag goes up anyway, which gives Brentford a chance to make the change. It will just be the one. And they'll be the one to go. And it's a double one. And it's a double one. And it's a double one. And it's a double one. And that will be the warmest of ovations for Josh Fasilva. Real favourite here. As he helped him out of the championship. And it was his goal that set Brentford on the way with more than a helping hand from David de Gea. Yeah, it's been really good. A little bit of good fortune with de Gea's error, but all round a really good day. He smiles, he hugs. He can relax tonight. A great day's work. So the German midfielder Vitaly Janout, featured predominantly in the Premier League last season. Over 30 appearances, starting 27 games. He'll come on to finish this one. And Edward Wood has gone. There's Richard Arnold, the man who took over from him. And goodness me, does he have a lot in his intro? It's a nightmare. He's been a few months in the job. And what a job there is to do. Above him and below him. The football department can't get the players in. He's been left short. He's still, I think, getting used to the level. That's obvious with the team that he's picked today. And what the Premier League's about, he's only a few months in. And then Richard Arnold's got the people above him who are now in charge of an embedded rock. And if I was them, I would get over here this week and show up and try and take some of the pressure away from the people below, because it's going to get enormous before Liverpool, a week on Monday, conceding goals like you wouldn't believe. Nine years of decline, of money being taken out of the club. It's not going to take one summer and one window to start the road back again. But something certainly needs to change. This is a deep malaise. I think they were top four in February, but the rock that set in, I don't know, Ralf Rangnick towards the end of last season, coming to the fore. Of course, it's been going on for longer than that. But the start of this season, goodness gracious me, six goals conceded in two games against two sides who weren't even in the Premier League or close to the Premier League the last time they lifted the Premier League title, Manchester United. And they haven't just been beaten in these two games, they've been well beaten, played off the park in both. I don't know. First time in 23 years, Premier League football is back on the banks of the Trent at the city ground. Nottingham Forest against West Ham, part one of Super Sunday. We're back in the capital for part two. Antonio Conte's Tottenham go to Chelsea. That's from four, big London derby. And the first Monday night football of the season, Liverpool against Crystal Palace from seven. Neat flip from Bruno Fernandes. Good energy from Hippie to get back and make the block. But a rare Manchester United corner. And this has been an area where Brentford have been fallible. They conceded the first, Timothy Castagna and Celeste the last week from this situation. So maybe Manchester United can get a bit of joy here. Larrickson standing over it. Bruno Fernandes attacking, but Ben Mee standing firm and he was fouled by the Portuguese. You might have seen today's fourth official, Anthony Taylor, pop up when we were talking about tomorrow's match at Stamford Bridge. He will be the man in the middle for that one. A little early in the season for another battle of the bridge, but I'm sure it will be feisty. Ronaldo, Rashford the runner, takes it beyond me. And Rashford for Ericsson. Thou shalt not pass, said David Ryer. It was more routine, I think, than he made it look. He just couldn't get the power in it, Christian Eriksson. He does well, Marcus Rashford. You think there's potentially going to be a penalty, but he just doesn't commit himself. The cross is good. I'm thinking that perhaps, as Ronaldo, maybe he could get the power into it, but not Ericsson. Pontiac Janssen needs a little bit of treatment, so Stuart Atwell deciding that this will be a good time to have the second-half drinks break. Evening drawing on in West London, but it's still brutally hot for the players down pitch side. Well, if you have just joined us, do not adjust your sets. That is the score. All the four goals for Brentford coming in the first 34 minutes. And this lap, Scarry, from David De Gea, very much setting the tone. Yeah. Obviously, Manchester United have got absolutely no confidence whatsoever. First goal was going to be important. They lost it through that De Gea mistake, and then St. Brentford mauled them, pressurising them high, outjumping them, outfighting them on set pieces. And the last goal was special. Really was. The pass from Toney is brilliant. And then Bermel, that first touch is brilliant, across his body. Wonderful. And captured that first half perfectly for Brentford. The game plan, we can see some of it there on that tactics board from Thomas Frank. He's not taking any chances. Still 25 minutes to go. And they've still got substitutions in the bank as well. Just the one change made. He's got two windows to make a subsequent four. He used his changes very well last week. David De Gea electing not to come over to this near side. It's not a bad spot for an evening cocktail, is it? No. They look happier than I am. Can I go and join them? I'm just contemplating. I've got Monday night football. With that balloon. I think you've got a long few days ahead of you, Derek. Long week ahead of you with Monday night football, of course, coming up next week. Manchester United against Liverpool. The only decent thing about United at the moment is those fans. And they've had enough. I think they're going to be a bit disappointed. I think they're going to be a bit disappointed. I think they're going to be a bit disappointed. I think they're going to be a bit disappointed. I think they're going to be a bit disappointed. I think they're going to be a bit disappointed. I've had enough! I've had enough! We touched on the immediate concern, which is the visit. And the same way before the window closes on September the 1st, some serious business needs to be done. Can you imagine? Any call you get from Manchester United you get from Manchester United this week, I'm just going to add a nought. Yeah. And if you're a player, as I said before, you're looking at this and thinking, what am I going into? Well, again, I'm at the risk of going back to last season to look at the pattern, but it's four points from the last 24 that Manchester United have taken. I know that effectively they downed Tools at the end of last season under Ralf Rangnick, but they haven't picked them up at the start of this under the new manager. No, look, if you want to look for telltale signs of a team that lacks personality and character, it's away performances, it's how you do on set pieces, how you fare on set pieces, it's your running stats. Manchester United are miserable in all those areas. Closing in on their seventh successive away defeat, have you using that as a barometer of character? It speaks volumes. Another optimistic looks at the referee from Anthony Alanga. Manchester United have known for eight to 10 months they needed to rebuild the squad for the summer. I think Ralf Rangnick said it was open heart surgery, he described it as. And to not get the players in early, the quality of the players, the number of players that Eric ten Haard needed to be able to start the season with is baffling and difficult to forgive. I look at the business that others are doing as well. Well, the lack of Champions League football doesn't make it easy to lure some players. But it's not a stall market. The rest of them have performed all the way through the league, teams have got their business done. They might be the odd one. When I come to Alanga, I found Stothford Shims and Jenson Kinklair. An example being Brentford, who've gone to Italian football and got Mikael Damsgaard, who's had an injury hit season last year after his heroics in the Euros. If you aren't familiar, there he is. He's the player who scored that terrific free kick for Denmark against England in the semifinals of the European Championships. Still only 22. About 17 million they paid for him. Every club seems to have a plan. And Manchester United this summer seems to have been whatever targets they were looking for through their own recruitment department. Let's just look at the Dutch league or players that have worked under Eric ten Haard. That is not a strategy. You can't do that. That was 15 years ago. You've got to have your own independent recruitment strategy where you've got players identified, the work's been done with the agents, you know who's coming in. And yes, of course, you always try and please the manager and you make sure that if he has got a really good player that he's got good contact with, but the one that he does have good contact with, they can't get in, frankly, the young. Sorry, Gael, I was just going to tell you about the substitutes, which you see there. Two of the goal scorers withdrawn Jensen and Bomo and your own with. And Shandon Baptiste, you see that both coming on. Fresh legs to bring fresh threat. You know, and we saw the Congolese international second top scorer for Brentford last season when they play back for is pretty much a regular on the team sheet and a front three. That may be under threat with the arrival of Damsguard. Rashford working well. Finding Ronaldo. Rashford. Rashford, he's the way by Ruslav. This is Malasia for Manchester United. Fernando Fernandes, that was well watched and well dealt with by Rico Henry. No guard patrolling the near post. Up against the Lange and coming off second best. Did well there, Anthony Lange. Yeah, I did. It was good to show between the two of them. Well, there's a chasm between these two clubs on so many levels, not least Fernandes. That's right. Something to think about the cost of the starting 11. Brentford, the most tightly and efficiently run shit. Manchester United, not so much. Yeah, I mean, if you look at that, that's just the start of the 11. It's a real achievement to spend a billion pounds and be this bad. Reverse alchemy. Well, I'm sure it'll be looked at Gary, the similarities between the clubs that Manchester United have struggled against at the start of this season, Brighton and Brentford, similar in the way they're run, similar in the way they recruit and sell on. Just look at the number of players that they have been able to move on to. I can cook a radio, for example, in 15 selling 60 and still they go and win at Manchester United. But Suma likewise, honestly, doesn't take much. And we've been saying this for 12 months going back to the start of last season. It doesn't take much to dismantle this Manchester United team. You just need a little bit of organization, a bit of fight, and you're there. Simple as that. Because they fall apart and crumble quite quickly. Now, Manchester United sometimes can score a goal and they can get in front and then the confidence builds. But if you just rough them up a little bit, if you get a goal in front against them, it's likely like you wouldn't believe. Like jelly. Well, the last time that they were able to do that was actually against Brentford towards the end of last season. Their last Premier League win. And their last home game of last season. Rashford fouled by Baptiste. And that'll provide a break, which might allow Brentford to make another couple of changes. There's a bit of briefing going on down there. Mads Sorensen is one of those going to come on wearing number 29. And it looks like Frank Onyeka is going to be the other one. And Nigerian international, Nid Prieldak. McTominay. Thomas Frank used all five substitutes available to him last weekend. He's going to do the same here in his final substitution window. And let's see the withdrawal. Christian Norgard. Aaron Hickey, I should say, will come on. Or Mads Sorensen will come on instead of him. And there is Christian Norgard. Who will make his way off the nearest possible juncture, escorted by Stuart Atwell. And Frank Onyeka, who had the end of last season disrupted by injury, will come on and replace last season's player of the year here, Christian Norgard. That's one thing he brings Mads Sorensen up. A long throw and that is not a bad effort at all. Rico Henry catching it very nicely. Brilliant from Rico Henry. I love the equaliser, the sprint back into position. It's a fantastic stride. The ramp. Here's Mctominay. Molassi. Eriksen. Well, he thought he'd had his consolation, but instead he hooks it wide. Well, there is no doubt Manchester United have created a couple of moments in this second half. A couple for Ronaldo with his head, a couple for Eriksen now. One with his head and then that bullet. I think just because of his technical ability, you fancy him, Christian Eriksen, to put that away. Well, it's the sort of day that most managers will use most of the substitutions available to them. And we're going to see the changes completed here with Donny Van der Beek coming on for Manchester United. Yeah, I think a lot of people said that, obviously, Eriksen has knowledge of Van der Beek, that we start to see the best of him. Mctominay caught in possession. He couldn't quite get it through to Tony. That was going to be a yellow card that comes out for that challenge on Onyeka by Mctominay. Yeah, similar to those moments in the first half that Manchester United got themselves in trouble. It's Mctominay's touch. Gets caught, doesn't know where he is, lack of awareness of what's behind him. Well, as I mentioned before, he had the run-in last season completely dominated by injury. Frank Onyeka just as he was threatening to walk a key question in tonight's and Manchester United game to Eriksen. There's AlphaGo thanks to use that as an extra and then Greal really He had the run in last season completely dominated by injury. Frank Onyeka, just as he was threatening to get a regular run in the side ankle ligaments. A couple of substitute appearances at the end of last season since February. So it will be bad luck indeed if he takes up another bad issue here. Certainly an element of concern around the Brentford medical staff as they look across for a diagnosis. Onyeka limps off. I think he'll be able to come back on again. Brentford have made all their changes so they'll hope he can come on in some capacity for the remaining six minutes or so. Another Brentford corner. Now they put in a huge shift Brentford on a very hot day. You can understand if they're taking their time. They've earned the right and then some. He's away by Ronaldo. Again Brentford hunger prevailing as they seek a bit. The hair there a block behind. Vitaly Janout smiles as Manchester United shrink once more. Yeah he'd cover himself in glory Cristiano Ronaldo there. He's headed with poor and then he turns his back here I think he does. Blocked by Maguire in the end. The hair makes the save Maguire clears. That more routine for David the hair. We're going to stop set pieces I mean United have dealt with a better in this second half there's no doubt about that but still Brentford pose problems. He wants the free kick but advantage was played and not taken by Cristiano Ronaldo. That's why he's not getting it. Oh Baptiste pursuing Ericsson who finds Dallo. Anthony Alanga for Manchester United. Bruno Fernandes back to the Swede who gets it over Ben Mead. Bruno Fernandes away by Janssen. Dallo. Dallo trying to slip it through to his compatriot Cristiano Ronaldo but Brentford comfortably coping. Well here comes that change on comes Tony van de Beek. And off goes Christian Eriksen. Much to the enjoyments of the Brentford fans. I can tell they feel a little spurned by the fact that he decided to head to Old Trafford rather than stay here given their reaction today. So Ericsson. So now that has gifted Baptiste the chance to parry forward. Rashford will give away a free kick, take the yellow card but he might feel it's worth it given how ruthless Brentford have been on the counter-attacks today. Baptiste, Wissa. Wissa away from Rashford. Two goals on the pitch so the hair will come and have to feel that. Well if we talk about this from a purely Brentford perspective Gary because there's going to be a lot of talk about Manchester United after this one. They set the bar pretty high with what they achieved last season. What they've done here today has been nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely brilliant I have to say. A wonderful performance, a great game plan, a team that are committed. Love watching them every time I come here and when you think about how you pick a man of the match out of all of them just being absolutely outstanding but that fourth goal was the big moment in the game where it became dreamland for Brentford in that first half and then Birnbaum scored it and I'm going to give him the man of the match. Ronaldo might manoeuvre into a shooting position. Henry has to check his ramp to get onto that. So I think Thomas Franchard will be really happy with his second half as well. Being professional, seeing it through, not conceding a goal. United couldn't be any worse than the first half, they've been slightly better. Well they've managed the game well, still continue to do the same things. So we have Antonio giving Bissou something to chase. I know those puppet headers from Cristiano Ronaldo weren't they? Certainly he felt he could have done better with judging by his reaction that Eriksen chance but Brentford's clean sheet, not under too much threat for the most part ever since they scored the fourth on the 34th minute. Ronaldo, Fernandes taking up the yellow card. I've just been thinking they've got to wait nine days for the next game. I mean I can't see that as a cognitive person, I think when you've had a nightmare like this I think it's just better off getting back out there again Tuesday, Wednesday but it's not going to happen. The build-up to that Liverpool game, well... McTominay can't afford to get involved in any shenanigans given that he's been booked. Ronaldo loses out to Sunderdale, McTominay does give away a free kick, Stuart Atwell has a look at him. Don't make me send you off. I've been booked already, I just want to see McTominay. What a contrast between the two managers, a despondent Dutchman.