 After that, Chelsea won 1-0 at Everton. They'd lost four in a row at British and prior to that. So that was a good start. And Spurs four goal haul against Southampton was their first four goal salvo in their opening fixture for 28 years. A 4-3 win, you might remember it, Sheffield, went for Jurgen Klinsmann, scoring on his debut. That self-mocking celebration diet. Yeah, just looking down at Chelsea, I know the manager said it was a back three, but I'm not always sure when a manager gives you that information before whether he's trying to play tricks on us all. It's happened before, but it certainly does look like that. Here's Angelo Conte. Ribbon loft his cheek. Really earning his call these days. He's the versatile player at Chelsea, rather than the attacking midfield player who seemed to be setting out to beat when he made his breakthrough initially. He's in England's World Cup squad in Russia. Here he is on the right side, as Thomas Puklis felt it out to Jeff Shreves very accurately and very kindly for us. He's extraordinary. I don't think we've failed so often in this fixture. He won the Premier League win in the previous 30 seasons of the Premier League in 2018, so relatively recently. Dele Alli had a very good afternoon then. Christian Eriksen scored a stunner. Here's Poulibaly. Martino is capping the side, but he's off out to Pilesevski, and Spurs are on the front foot straightaway here with Sont. That's a blinder supporting midfield player. What have we done? Betancourt. Boybeek. Both teams had a real opportunity to really get out of opposition. This is a poor final pass. The first one was Poulibaly. That's that man again who I've just mentioned. He's going to sit with Flaale against Hanny Kengels. They had the first chance, and then the other end, Tottenham, but Kulasevski just didn't set out in front of Sont and really go on and attack the Chelsea goalkeeper. Yes, unlike the Sweden international who's been scoring and making goals, and his short spell really came on loan. He's still on loan from Juventus in January, and he's going to be involved in the taking of the free kick. Mendy's the sort of goalkeeper who loves to come and show a command of the penalty area. If there's enough flight on it, he'll go looking for it. Kulasevski runs over it. And it's in it. Mendy not needed. Sont and really put everything into that too much. Yeah, really, all we've just seen, two or three opportunities that it seems could really put the opposition under real pressure. Two balls and free play, one from a set piece, and just not quite fully up to sync yet with the game in the first few minutes. That's a compliment yet again to the competitive nature of the Premier League. The only Manchester City in Arsenal have won their first two games. Of course, a winner here would join them. In that number 26 shirt, one with distinction for such a long time by John Terry. Pobre, to just squeeze it onto Kane. Song has the shot. It's a bit late with the lunge. He's beaten shirt by Ryan Cesseniot. Here's Emerson Royale. Stays forward and Kane finds him. He did well to squeeze the cross out of that. It's half-volleyed it to Mendy. He's aware that the ball hadn't gone dead. Yeah, really clever from Harry Kane. You can't allow him to turn. Really clever with the pass. He had one just earlier on. Find it into Song's feet on the edge of the box. Patch on by Habits. Rolling. Get up, says referee Taylor. Early minutes doing no concession to the very warm conditions. Proper pace. That's Kane without the ball. We've just seen him with the ball. Really interesting to see how they handle Harry Kane when he drops in. Another sense of actual win there. Just twice now they've allowed him to say in his passing ability, as we know, as good as anything in the Premier League. Jorginho, and it's goal from the penalty spot. It gets to Chelsea, the points are good, it's in part. Loftus-Cheek. Still going. In the end... Great defensive awareness from Fatah An-Tour. Billy Ballard, on the verge of coming into English football for a long time is finally here. You've got to release the ball a bit quicker than that. James. OK, and Jorginho with two pivots in the central midfield. That's giving chase. Sassignor seized out. Ryan Sassignor, who comes from Roehampton, south-west London. Much more Chelsea territory than Tottenham, but of course he started at Fulham. And they're close to it. Just how I thought Chelsea would set up is how they've done it. Thomas Tuchel mentioned it was a back three, Loftus-Cheek plays on that side. Chelsea have the ball, he goes to a back four, Loftus-Cheek becomes a bit of a fear player, sometimes finds himself in fields. He was selling us 50 per cent of the truth, before the game, but this has happened before when Loftus-Cheek has played there. Remember, Chelsea being really successful away in Real Madrid, in the Champions League, he played outstanding on the night, and something similar is happening here when Chelsea get the ball. They're out now, that's 100 per cent of the truth from the opposition at the ball. Anyway, if it's 50 per cent, we would take that. Romero to Eric Dier and Ben Davies, solid members of Comte's rearguard. Another good ball from the Welshman. It wasn't, it was Poirier who played it. Davies had gone further forward and it comes out to Jorginho. Loftus-Cheek, James crossing from the position where many would have expected. Here's Dukkareia. Jorginho. No contact. It's an awkward ball. Sterling couldn't quite locate it. Awkward for Tottenham to defend. I thought he took a chance there, Romero, but he ends up doing well. Just thinking, why isn't he going to head the ball or clear it? He just uses his body, eases out Raheem Sterling. Great ball in a really dangerous position. Some people don't like the expression corridor of uncertainty, but it's an example of where you might use it. Long from Brier, looking for Strong over the top. Outrolled. Chelsea with a retreating defence. Harkins Silva, he'll be 38 next month. So there's no sign of waning. Dave Schripperea. I don't know if he's coming together there. It's left Romero down. Yeah, I don't think it was really any challenge. Just at the follow-through, I'm not sure if Kuperbera just landed on his ankle. Just caught on the Achilles or the back of the ankle. Just got dragged out of position. Once he gets back in, just catches him on the heel. He sees his boot comes off, I think, of the bar. Actually, if you look really closely, he gets him on the knee, the right foot. He's a tough guy. And not just Jamie Carragher, who's regarded him as a very, very good Premier League acquisition. Yeah, he reminds me of a play he used to play at centre-back at Chelsea, where I thought was fantastic Cavallo. He's a very good player. That type of defender, top quality on the ball, really aggressive. Maybe dabbles in the dark arts now and again. Ricardo Cavallo. Big posters behind the stand that we're sitting in, recognising those years. Some silverware on display. It's conspicuous in those pictures. Here's the Kuperbera. He's seen too much yet of Mason Mouth. Here he is. Used to playing with Sterling, of course, for England. And here is James with a cheek making a run in behind Session Yard. Here's James again. Here's James again. Here's Fickler flaunting his players, winning the ball back. A couple of crosses have gone in. All the talk about Darwin Nunez and Erling Haaland, big men in the box. Raheem Sterling is not that. No, they still look like they're lacking, but they are. That's why they brought Lukaipi. Lukaipi is gone. Doesn't mean that problem's now gone away. Raheem Sterling has done a really staling job at times as a central striker. For Manchester City or Liverpool, on his younger days. But Chelsea are going to get to where they want to get to, which is challenging on winning the biggest trophies, as they have done over the last 10 or 15 years. They need to address that. I think they will. A real crunching derby day tackle. Seven London clubs in the Premier League this season, plenty of derbies. Plenty of this intensity in the capital. Plenty of derbies, man. I always felt the big derby or the North London derby was top of Arsenal. I always feel like there's a little bit more need in this one, for whatever reason. Well, it was what, six years ago, the Battle of the Bridge, which ended up with Leicester being crowned or confirmed as Premier League champions. And Tottenham lost a 2-0 lead. Can't we call a more brutal evening in the Premier League than that one? James. He's been done by Luffy's cheek. One player spare there, but it means they kept the ball, having a good good ride. He's put it right. Now they have got players to try and find aerially. Habits, of course, is definitely a Grade A target for Kossos. Again, Tottenham determined to come here and not be second best when it comes to physicality. And it was Ryan Cessen Yard leaving one on Ruben Loftus' cheek. Yeah, they started much better, I would say Chelsea. Trying to get a pocket of space in around the two central midfield players of Tottenham. Outnumbering them there. Maybe that hybrid system after playing with them without the goal is causing Tottenham a problem. I was talking in his pre-game interview a couple of days ago about how he expected to play against Rhys James. They've known each other for a long time. It's James who takes the free kick. And Engle, who's a player I've got for offside anyway, makes the angle a little bit more in favour of the defenders playing it in from a central position as Mountain did. It was a definite mix-up. Mason Mountain was probably in a Cucarella, challenging Rhys James. Maybe that's where the ball should have gone. It's perhaps to him, it may be more suited, maybe a left footer inside, maybe have a shot. It seems he had the ball stuck under his feet. That reflects your description of a better start for Chelsea than Tottenham. The players' form meeting last season, three came in a spell of less than three weeks. Billy Ballick. I'm not sure if he's checked well forward again. I've seen plenty of the ball. He's opening forward for now. Yeah, they've got problems in the central midfield. Tottenham, Mason Mountain are doing a really good job dropping in there to add the extra man. They're making it like this fair midfield. Players beat two at times. Ribbon off to Sheehan coming inside. Roberts, now Chorizinho. And again, the hub, to Cosside. Cosside. Ponte. A lucky bounce and has a shot as a result of it. Headed away by Emerson Royale, seized upon by Jorginho. Tucked in nicely by Kupiraya. Another good pass from the new left-sider from Spain. Big foul to refuse the attack, but he couldn't set up a counter. Yeah, this guy got a little bit of luck. Kante, just got his pass, thank you to him. A little bit of luck. He just makes himself big, Eric Dier. They've started really well, Chelsea. Both the awards, a lot of talk obviously coming into the game, pre-season, how well Tottenham are doing. They might be the team to challenge the top two. I don't think you can argue that they've had a really good summer. I just think of what Chelsea have achieved in the last 10 or 15 years. Notoriously winning a lot of soldies, I thought that might just get the back up of the players and the supporters. And it certainly seems the case, for a player 16 minutes. It's put in the way by Koulibaly. Everson again, Chelsea win it back. They're on the move, wanted to contact. Van Loftus-Cheek, he wants someone outside him really. Now it's obliged. James, Mosev, pretty much everyone back behind the ball. Now it's everyone. Mount. Here's James. Van Loftus-Cheek, an elegant touch. Back to Rhys James again. Loftus-Cheek, James can cross it first time, plays it back instead to Jorginho. Slid in towards the middle, where again they're lacking a bit of penalty area presence. Edmunds-Shopton, Koulibaly. Number 26, got plenty of goals. This time it's Chelsea captain John Terry, but not too many from that distance. Not what is left for T. Speculative to say the least. But they are putting pressure on Chelsea. It's always going to be more difficult when you're heading Tottenham back and you've got so many numbers behind the ball. Just play that ball into Mason Mount, he's saying keep the attack going. Keep Tottenham under pressure. The Chelsea manager who's lost to Spurs in the fixture stamp division of the Premier League is of course the current Tottenham manager Antonio Conte. Mason Golo Conte, Boris Sterling. Perhaps, Nuri Nuri. Newell is going across it. Not a good bit on it. More penetrating from Chelsea. Fantastic from Chelsea. The combination, the front two, Raheem Steele and Tye Harberton really playing up against that back three. What a save that is from Luis. I just want to find myself in that bottom corner. And you can't say Chelsea wouldn't have deserved it with their early pressure. Too quick and too intense for Tottenham at the moment. That's his first corner taken by the Correa. He can't score goals. Tole Barley announces himself to the adoring Chelsea fans. What a finish. What's that? That's mockery. What a finish. He's worth the money, isn't he, Todd? Certainly on the back of that. Look at the space he's got at the back post. There's more space there than there is in Hyde Park. And there's absolutely no one near him. Set piece, zone of marking. You'd only think he'd have a big centre back. Just look at the technique. On the volley, side on. That's Huddle Life. Raheem Sterling did well to get out of the way. And Hugo Lloris. Powerfully beaten. And Spurs are struggling at Stamford Bridge again. And Tuchel is smiling. There is a little bit of a theory amongst the Chelsea fans that Tuchel has improved the defenders, but not actually done too much for the attackers. So they'll take goals from any which way. Just genuinely starting to wonder whether they would have a prentice in the penalty area, even at set plays. They come up with that. He deserves the goal, he really does. I mentioned before the game, I mentioned the newspaper column yesterday, I just felt this was a real big test for Tottenham. They've had a really good win. But at this moment, they're nowhere near ready. It's only 20 minutes into a London derby, it can certainly change. But the intensity and the pace that Chelsea have come out with, Tottenham have not been able to match. And unfortunately for Tottenham, for so long, they've said the same thing in these games. Listening to Tuchel on Friday, the impression, obviously there's a lot of psychology in this, mind games, etc. But Chelsea were the less stable side after what had happened in the transfer window. The Spurs were settled and ready to take on the Blues here. But they might well do that, we've only had just over 20 minutes. That's just the normal sort of Chelsea. It's always been a bit mad, that's just the way they do things at times. Maybe not ideal, but we've always seemed to find a way to navigate through, changing managers, players, coming and going. I think what that does for the new ownership, a new recruit has scored the first Stamford Bridge goal of the season. Here is Passenger, with a chance to add to his goals, we look for the flag and it hasn't gone up. We've had a bit too much time to think about this one. Might well have been VAR'd, had it gone in. Good stop by Mendy. I think they're the ones who told the lads to put their flag up a bit earlier. There was actually one yesterday in a game. I never thought it was a long way offside, the lads did keep their flag down, it was really tight. It's part of the new instructions to assistants this season. A flag only delayed on genuine goal chances, and that was a genuine goal chance. It was the right thing, had it gone in we would have had a review, if he'd put the flag up, maybe it would have stood. Quite a lot of VAR calls in our earlier game, when we were in Forest, not their first Premier League win of the century. No foul, no complaints from James. That's up, lost his cheek, would have come to Mount, who knew what might have been. Topman gets his pass away, Kulosevski's in. Topman having a real problem, you see that at midfield four, five in behind. They've not been solid, compacting in the centre of the pitch, been outnumbered so often. Chelsea midfield, really impressive, they're all Mason Mounts playing. Spurs could have broken, and all Chelsea have are the two centre-backs. Thiago Silva and Philly Bally, James had gone to the right, Pucaraya was well forward down the left. Here's the positions of Kante and Mason Mount, you see them on either side of the two midfield players. Topman playing off Jorginho, just behind. People aren't quite sure who they should be picking up for Topman. Chelsea are just playing in between Topman's formation. See that position, he's taken a bit of a lofty cheek. Jorginho. Still in the green, Shaw's back. A bit reticent to step down into midfield and help them, because Robertson and Abbott are trying to push them back. Really good from Chelsea manager Thomas Tew, glad they've set up. Here's Schäfer-Ehr, he loves getting forward, away by Davis but not very far. James, and then left. Yeah, and that's not where Topman wants him to be in the general shape of the game, but they needed him to be there then. James, and loft his cheek, with Sterling helping sometimes, they're moving Spurs around. They are uncomfortable, and they are also a goal down from a corner, and Chelsea have got another one. Now let's see if Chelsea's trying to do the same thing, target that back post. Special play. At least Romero is there to make some sort of a challenge, he's got that zone of set up, but it just looks like there's far too much space on these set pieces. Far too easy for Chelsea. We have a drinks break, very much needed. Of course this weekend we're honouring the 30 years of the Premier League, and here's somebody with a strong Chelsea connection, but who played for Tottenham on the opening weekend of the Premier League, August 15th 1992. They drew 0-0 at Southampton, Jason Cundey. And still very involved today. Harry Kane, can see him, really involved here, talking to his players, he knows they've got to show more. Whenever we see him, Jamie, he's almost on the brink of another record, 248 Tottenham goals. Goodness me, they'd love to get that 250 up before we finish here today. Yeah, he looked dangerous early on, a couple of times he got on the half-time, played some really clever passes, but he just hasn't been able to get out top of them, he's been hemmed in. Had a couple of counter-attacking opportunities, but Chelsea fully deserve to be 1-0. You see those bodies at the back post, Rulabye, the space he's got is unbelievable. But you've still got to finish when you get given that space. And the technique on that, coming across the ball, and a forward, Fogless, that's exactly what it was. Another man who's got a link with both of these clubs, I'm going to be really proud of that. It's great in the importance of the match, it's great in the importance of the new ownership. We're underway again. That's an extraordinary record as a manager against Tottenham. There's a lot of interest in the Pareja, of course, Manchester City, but they felt the bidding had gone too high. They pulled out, Chelsea kept on going. £63 million, which they figured had been bandied around, includes some add-ons for success, but it's over £50 million. It's a down payment, it's a lot. It does show, in the modern game, the importance of wing-backs. Certainly in a system that Fonse plays, how much he invests in his wing-backs, he just hasn't been able to get a fair pitch at all. He's locked his cheek smoothly, Sterling. Waiting for the right moment and the right decision. That's the hand-field against Pogbier. They've done that a lot in the first half. When they brought that ball back, they really gone quickly. That Tottenham scene before, they could really get set. Sterling's asking for hand-ball, no. Just comes up and catches it on the end, doesn't know too much about it. Going for a crash-top and challenge. They haven't been able to lay a glove on that man in midfield, Jorginho. Look at the room that mounts, picks up between the lines. Nothing giving away unnecessary fouls. Not just not being able to get on the ball, but not being able to get the ball off the opposition. It just feels like Chelsea's system is playing around Tottenham right now and no-one can get really near the opposition. At times, maybe you understand the player they should be looking after. There's a lot of movement from that, from five or six players from Chelsea. It's not a game that you see often. Discussion between James and the Pereira. Right foot or left? It's left. It's not deep enough. James can plant it back in again. Spurs try to push out, hope to get in offside. Abbotts got there. Black didn't go up. Over three years since Spurs last scored a Premier League goal against Chelsea, at least one of their players. There was an own goal from Tony Rudiger in one of the meetings. James. Sterling. Chelsea continuing to get good wit. They're attacking third. Abbotts. A bit risky. That seems like the first half. Really good from Chelsea again. Tottenham find it really difficult. They really want to play through the third, play from the back. They haven't been able to get through this Chelsea team. That's a story. They're on a diagonal. Sterling. To the right. inside. Kyle Harbert. It's a good one. Chelsea's right in the foul on Mount. It's really clever from Kyle Harbert. Initially, lovely flick inside. Uses his body really well. Make sure the balls and his body are always between him and the position player. We just saw Emerson Royale then getting up the pitch. We just haven't seen the wing backs at Tottenham getting anywhere high enough. Well, Tottenham as a team being high enough up the pitch to cause problems for Chelsea. It's the obvious they can't. Same way you look at that front three. It's absolutely devastating at times. Romero. Really interesting watching Reece James in the centre of the pitch. He's almost doing a Martin job on Son. So, Session Young again. I don't know why, but it's been... Trussell breaks from the left wing back to Tottenham. You need more than that, though. Tulasowski. Emerson Royale. Young for Pereira. Again, he's crossing. Pull back, wing back, pull it where you will. Job to stop those crosses, but it at least prevented one troubling Edouard Mendy. You see that front five for Tottenham. That was something Thomas Tuchel mentioned before the game. That's why he went with a back five. You've got to match that really aggressive front five. The top, that's the first time you've ever really seen them in positions that you expect them to be where they do cause huge problems. Mount. Get it through the middle to Sterling. Still on the chase. Habits with him. Back to Jorginho. Go in front of this first half for Chelsea. Mount. He's gotten to a point where he's well within range. Just goal scoring, had just dropped off a little bit. Yeah, but it's very reminiscent of a goal Eden Hazard scored here that was a few years ago in that famous game. Just comes inside that right foot. I think he's been absolutely outstanding in this first half, Mason Mount. As I said, similar position where Hazard found himself all those years ago. And he just found that top corner. Just a little bit too much on it. Obviously it's player of the year for a second season in a row. Bang was waiting, James wasn't. Can't tell, but actually, one blue forward here. And the story of this almost 40 minutes. Well, that challenge has summed it up. They've been too slow, Tottenham. Little pace even in the past, but he's got possession in the closing dial. James can shoot, but he chooses not to. Loftus-Cheek. Ports in two, maybe three mines. It's one for the weather before the game, Martyn, about whether it had an effect on the game and the team. He's got... He's got nothing to do with playing in the sun. Chelsea just playing a normal game. It's not affecting whether there will be a change in the second half. You can see more energy from Tottenham. You certainly need to find it. Too much sun and not enough sun. Vertical. Sullivan, number seven. A yellow contact. Janae. Here's Roger, those fire side again. That's for the crowd logs. Wide by Mount. I'm sure many clubs did it, but Chelsea moved their training times. We were tired of the day, early sessions, problem base, and build up to this game. I know some players have better data in these conditions, we keep every check. I want the ones who are mentally tough, whatever that data says, to go about a job like this. So far he's getting it. Mount. That position is causing huge problems for Tepton. It's a long way away. He gets the right decision at the end. He's done really well as well. Certainly a player on the end of a well-rehearsed corner routine. Look how many players top of the block there in that six-yard box. Chelsea haven't got anyone in it. I think Jorginho is just going in it. Silva has a knack getting his head on these things. They defend better than they did on the goal. Yellow card for James. That's about three or four times only it's happened, but it does look as though Spurs, if they could get it right playing on the break, would want to fight their way back into this. That's a really good point. I think he's got two or three opportunities. I just said earlier on, it almost feels like my time is in Tottenham. I've got the ball. It's a man-marking job by James. We're really interested in how that affects that set-up in the second half. He's been really tight and aggressive. Whenever someone's gone, when Tottenham have been in possession. Santiago Silva just said, I can handle that. It's part of the Mexican promise, isn't it? Yeah, he's been brilliant tactically set up. It's moved again by Walter Cheek in the first place. I'm going to find a telling cross here. Chelsea a second before half-time. Ponte joining in. Scantling from typical style, and then another Chelsea corner. One thing we're going to learn about Todd Foley and the new management, we're going to see a lot more of them than Roman Abramovich. He's a bit of a recluse. He's very popular with the Chelsea supporters for his 19-year tenure. This man has paid over £4 billion for the privilege. A Bernier post. Chelsea all around. Sancho in. I'm just going to try and stay in this, make sure they get into half-time without the scoreline being increased by Chelsea. They've been really prolific goal scorers under Tupou, whereas Tottenham are fresh from getting four in their opening game. Scott Payne with almost 250 goals for the club. Son, who's been such a great lieutenant to him. They need some more controlled possession. Chelsea are making it very hard for them to have that. Georginio, will he become an advanced player for Anthony Taylor? And rightly so, because Rhys James can move on here and lost his cheek. It's been a riddle for Spurs. On the right for Chelsea. Puyol Bally. Sterling. And Alpacaraya. He's been completely outplayed in his first half, Tottenham by Chelsea. The only positive for Tottenham is, at this moment, it's still only 1-0. James Havertz. All the determination of Chelsea, possession, problems with Paul's time. One leg's free, but they need to keep it a little bit more. They might do now. On the verge of half-time. Georginio. Well, they could have been too. And Ruben Lofty-Cheek has the height to reach, though, Paul's. Didn't quite catch the drive to get there at the very right moment. Georginio is just running this game. Tottenham can't get near him. Lofty-Cheek at the back post. He said he's playing a very narrow position at times. Infield, in midfield, he just gets sandwiched. And a wide centre-back on the wing-back. Doesn't actually get a touch on it in the end. He will know the need, the value of a second goal, particularly when Chelsea have been on top for so much of this first half. It hasn't arrived. Also because Tottenham won't play this bad in the second half. It just won't happen. You just can't see that at all. Sure, at some stage, they've got a foothold in the game. Ponte's got things to sort out. We've got a few minutes, of course, including the water break. Here's Christian Romero. He's got more than one iron at half-time. He has a chance to try and sort this out. I think it caused a frustration, just that incident with Sassonior on Loftus-Cheap. When they came here for the first leg of the Carabao Cup semi-final, Jamie, he went with a back four. That was the first of those three games in 19 days. And Antonio Conte took a long time to react to that. They were 2-0 down at half-time. It finished that way, and he did adjust things in the second half. He's certainly got some thinking to do. The best news really is that he's not 2-0 down here. The big problem is bad centre midfield. You see Mason Mount there dragging Eric Dyer right off the centre of that far three. That's what they've done all day. Mason Mount's position, Ruben Loftus-Cheap's position. Coming in as a narrow forward, almost taking it like a box midfield. Ponte and Jorginho behind it. Those two centre midfield players at the top of their heads are just spinning. Not sure whether to close down or look what's in behind them. Sarting us back three defender times, just getting dragged into position you don't want to be in. That's huge credit, I think. Chelsea players, but the Chelsea manager... Time's gone by. The players on the field would sort things out. I'm sure Graeme Soonhouse might have a word or two in that respect. In the half-time interval, the management on the pitch, he was very good at that. Welcome fella possession for Spurs. In these closing seconds before half-time, can they turn it into something more than that? So, Mr. Vijnlofters-Cheap and Mendy does keep it in. That's the last act of the first half. Chelsea have dominated. Special moments for Khalid Iqbali. Storing with one of three shots that he had three out of Chelsea's eight. So, he's a centre-back than any player coming to a new club. But what is interesting, Jamie, no substitutes at half-time because of the fatigue later on. Yesterday, a lot of the substitutions happened late. When players were really feeling the heat, maybe Thomas Sukla has no need to make a substitution, of course. Or Antonio Conte probably has. I must say, I'm surprised there's no changes for Tottenham. I expected the two changes. Padden just mentioned them in the studio. Maybe Perisic at wing-back. We saw why Tottenham haven't put the new players in right from the start of the season. That's a surprise to me as well because so often last season, Conte was complaining about the squad that he had. Good work by Loftus-Cheek. In by Havertz. And way by Romero. Only a bit back where it came from. And Havertz. It's a case of too many clubs in there for Tottenham. It's hardly a Chelsea player in and around the penalty spot. Here's James. With Borreia. Just took the corner they scored from. Sterling. A bit challenged by Emerson Royale. I should point out that Stamford Bridge hasn't been a fortress for Chelsea in the last two seasons. Just nine league wins here in the 19 games in each campaign. They've gathered more away points in those two seasons. I will show you, I've recently joined the club. Raring to get on before Antonio Conte. Kane. It's kept in. Michael Asseste. Completely disarmed by Thiago Silva. Kane leashes out to Conte. Borreia. Now Nonsense, the diminutive left-sided player. One cap only for Spain and that was on a day when the senior side couldn't take part because of COVID issues. Able to turn. Looking for Son. He's found Son. He tries to squeeze it underneath. That's better. Tottenham and the Kane-Son partnership trying to click into gear. You saw that early in the first half. Kane getting the time to make his passes twice in the first half. Early on. Same here in the second half. Wonderful pass. Lovely weighted. It's always going to be a tight angle. Contact. The ribbon off the middle. We mentioned it earlier. Again, Thiago Silva. That's what we have to do, Chelsea. We can't afford to have Harry Kane on the ball. He's not too often going to try and run in behind. He's always going to come short of the ball. Thiago Silva or Koula Bale have to go with him. We have had limbers of hope. One of them is in pain. Earlier on, Koula Setson should have done so much more. 1v1, lots of space up against Thiago Silva. He's run out of ideas. He's up against a great name, Thiago Silva. He's 37 for acres of space. That's battling on. Conte. James to have the shot. Koula Bale. Chelsea can go left again. Jorginho. Trying to make that angle. They're not as well on the left-hand side as they have on the right. Pique Reyes. A bit of a catchweight contest there. He's the stronger man. James Emerson-Royal. Jorginho. He's got to engage a bit more. James. Emerson-Royal. Emerson-Royal. To the World Cup with Anthony Taylor. James takes. He's got to make that angle like that. Chelsea have won their last four Premier League games, three of them last season. They're on the right-hand side. Antonio Conte, when he was here in January, said there was a massive gap between the two clubs. Chelsea were far, far ahead. But as the season wore on, he's played a big part. And Borden backing him in the transfer market played a big part. In the first half, there was a big gap in performance between the two. And the line doesn't reflect that, and Spurs are still very much in the contest. Trying, remember, to get only their second Premier League win in this stadium. Yeah, they're still well in this game, no doubt. It was a surprise, really interesting. Antonio Conte, you know, last week here today, hasn't put any of his new signs in. He complained a lot last season about his team not being ready, good enough. Everyone was really impressed with what he did in the summer. So I'm not really sure what he's waiting for. James. It might be called into account later on, but Anthony Taylor, again, letting the game flow. Jorginho. And now Loftus-Cheek. This kind of possession seems to hold the key for Chelsea. They're very good on the ball, they interplay. Jamie Thomas-Tuchel is an excellent tactician. But to turn it into goals without what you might call a big goal-storer in terms of size and numbers. Pecoraro, double ricochet, poor man. You're right, Martin, I've been all saying that Chelsea need a striker. But it can't just be someone who scores a goal. I'm not saying how Chelsea have played in this game. They have to be an attacker who scores goals. He scores goals, of course. Talk about the intensity and pressure Chelsea get in the first half. I don't think we could have played like that with Alkaku. Short corner. Sterling to cross, Leite might die out. And he almost won it back again. Now, has done. Clues in the middle, in the end. Wasn't anywhere near a white or a blue shirt. But the man in yellow was almost caught in an awkward position. Yeah, didn't catch it right. He's a mount. Just scuffs it. Certainly one he couldn't take a chance with. Only option for Hugo Lloris. A bit of a fortunate corner for Chelsea. Trying to get Huling Valley into the mix again. Back by Conte. Another corner. Looking down, we don't see a discussion in the studio a half-time. I'm just looking down, it was a system I used a lot. Certainly under Rafa Benitez. But Chelsea's players are mainly around the edge of the box and towards the back post. Tottenham have so many players in that front area, doing nothing. You still have to adjust your position. Even if it's on the mark, it may say where you stand on the sheet before the game. But you still have to take a reference where the opposition players are standing. I mean, they've got four players at the near post, no Chelsea player there. The shout from the coaches to the defence, get the first contact, isn't it? They certainly didn't Tottenham when Huling Valley got his first contact and his first goal. It's still the only goal. Sterling. Well, we're going to see a debut in Tottenham colours for Richarlison. Yes, Brazilian striker from Everton. The family of Watford, of course. We know the Premier League face these days. One of the new boys is going to face this man, Cliffridge Turp here. I'd be hoping he comes on still at 1-0 down and Chelsea's going to convert another corner to make it 2. It's just wandering away on the edge of the area again. It's a short one. Montaigne. A weak point. Trying to push out. Now he's funnelling back. Thiago Silva. Back to where defensive work is expected of him. Three-peat to Chelsea. It's the end of the first half. Spoke well down at half-time, didn't he, Martin? Be interesting to see if he goes away from that system. He's nothing too often. Played by Loris. Another ally in Richarlison. Nothing when it comes to aggression and optimism. Very hard to make a career for himself. It's a good career. You'd think he'd definitely provide energy for Tottenham, certainly with Amthor Ball as well. You have a lot done in this game. Here's Filipevski. Richarlison. Steadfast into Raheem Sterling. That's a ball that has some imitation on it. It was a really good ball. Good ball in the end. Richarlison scored three goals against Chelsea, all for Everton, and Trullin wins. He scored in one last season. We've got to change the game. 38 Premier League goals in total. We've got to get off. There's a change of system. And it is, of course, 250 Premier League games. That's been an orthodox left back. Richarlison got a foot in. Chelsea, of course, Tottenham have got to come out. More room to play these passes in. Here's Loftus-Sheep. Big moment. And it's on the hour mark. Tottenham are into the equaliser. No matter how Tottenham feel about this match, we've said consistently that they're still in this game. He's onside. You just don't expect an intermission position like that. He drags it, doesn't get the right contact on it. And he knows. He's in the tape and he can't believe it. If you want a chance to fall to anyone, not just for Tottenham, maybe in the Premier League, it's that man. Of course, he knows all the history. You almost think that that goes through his mind when he has a chance like that. Time to think that a thoroughbred in those situations, 99 times out of 100. I'm glad to see that from the referee. Yeah, they're hot on it this evening. The father of day briefing that we got from our referees. They want the ball to be in play for more minutes. The goalkeepers have been the hidden villains in that respect, running down the clock. The multi-ball system this season is a great thing to bring in. I've just put 10 minutes on the end. It seems a time-wasting, false start. 8-10 minutes. We know it's just going to be 3-4. Standard. Let's get away from that. We're actually battling on. Here's James, still looking for the second. We've put Seov Spurs, Ponte, Jorginho, and some good blocking by Tottenham in the second half. A bit more belief about their work generally. The fact that Kane got in relatively easily will only enhance that belief. Fabien. Richarlison. Here's Piper. Advice for Kane, miss. Of course, what's all going on in the Tottenham penalty area. Just got off the sheet. Piper's got his shots away here now. He's really well to keep it alive. He's got bodies throwing themselves in front of him. People think it's a great chance, but there's not many bodies in front of him to try and miss them. That's a lofter over Eric Dier and just puts too much on it. We definitely need them to go with Chelsea. Spurs are just starting to try and get into this game now. Changing systems made a difference. Richarlison coming on. Seems to be getting a bit of joy down this side. Here's Hefsty. Anderson trying to get it in first time. Fabien. Run by Richarlison. That is 13. He can't get into the last touch. Stingy Bates. What he's doing, sitting alongside of Heidi Payne. We know Heidi Payne always going to concede for the ball now. He's giving Chopin a bit of penetration through the centre. Not just in the wide areas. We know he's going to have pace there. Bacon runs in behind centre-backs. Richarlison is actually free. Not by much. He's gone back in for the next guy. He's gone towards the near post. He's going to drip it on, not the last touch. Solonay, Solonay taking it again. They can go two against one if they choose. Valadonte has gone out. Clipped in again. Richarlison and Sterling. He has taken. He's got to get there. Solonay across. He pulled for top and that happened. Richarlison is free on the first corner. He nearly fell to him there on the second one. He leaves it a little bit short. He entices the defender across from Pante. One-sided the first half but just the one goal. The teams look much more evenly matched now. We've got a game now. Spent the distance on top of the game. Chelsea. An animation of Antonio Conte. All part of the package. Players know they have to work really hard. Chelsea players, two years for some of them. Almost too much. They have to work hard. They have to work hard. They have to work hard. They have to work hard. They have to work hard. Sterling. Serial winner of the Premier League. That's where you get your goals. That's where you get your goals. That's where you get your goals. Good pick to Tottenham. That's the area Tottenham can get you. wide. Sod. Davis. Go back. Forward interception by Haberts. We saw the full roll from his angle. Chelsea fans in front of us are rocking arms, waving arms. Romero. Just having to tell the Chelsea fans in front of us I'm not the referee. I get the jokes if you see it. I thought you were offering to be a referee when you said you'd have 10 minutes on. All the time I'd love to see you doing it. I mean I'm not going to be picking on the referee every time I pick an angle but if they are going to do that time they are going to get the angle all wrong. Willis-Efsker. Virginia. Caught in possession of his own box. Just how costly is that going to be? Comes to Ben Davis. And then the shot is in. Southport State is. From Hojbjerg. Tottenham have stayed in the game and now they're levelling the game and now it's all kicking off in the dugout. There's previous in that respect. Hot weather. Hot centres. Hot spur at level 1-1. Wants to repel and now Jamie Carragher. It's kicking off on the bench. It's kicking off on the pitch. I mean this one is going that in sense a lot of people here are wrong. I mean that goes a far. He has to go through his ankle first before he maybe gets a little something on the floor. He wouldn't go that far back. But Martin when you were talking about was it foul I thought you mentioned Georginio on the edge of the box. Yeah that's what I meant. No I mean no you can't go that far back. No of course not. I certainly didn't mean that one. I mean is there something on. I mean I can tell you that has got some torsioning to do. Well I think there's something on with Charleston maybe being an offside position. I think it'd be extremely harsh against Tottenham. I don't think it blocks the goalkeeper's view. We'll see. The check is complete. The goal is standing. Some of those in the dugout won't be standing. Maybe it was the celebrations on the touchline that marked the top for the Chelsea bench up. But Thomas Tuker's still talking about that foul. Come on Kaj Havertz. Kaj Havertz is doing the same. But even though there's a frustration from Chelsea's point of view that for me that foul's too long and too far away from the goal. I think the first guy may have looked at a foul in the box. Yeah but I'm talking about Chelsea's frustration. Chelsea manager's frustration should come from Georginio. As soon as you start to control the ball and players around them on the edge of the box it's almost too cool for school. It's a London derby. You're in your own box. You see there he's trying to do a drag back and flick it over someone's leg. You don't do that. You just see the position with Charleston. He is offside. But it's whether he's interfering in playing. The ball goes past his foot but it doesn't block the goalkeeper's view. That's a goal. Rightly so. When I keep looking at this man Georginio you don't do drag backs then. I mean he just hits it first time. Almost in. Hold. Almost safe. Muy big. Just takes a little nick. Pula Bali. That is fine. 24 seconds after the foul that with involving habits. You know what I mean. It's not even the next phase. I think it was definitely one that could be appreciated about in normal time in the game if you understand. I mean from Anthony Taylor's view you can say that. He gets it just into the ball. But really he has to go through the side of the ankle initially which I felt he did. When he lifts him and the goal goes in. Is that up against the bench? He seemed to be heading in the wrong direction in the end. I mean people said he didn't like scenes like that but I must say I've loved that. I want more of it. Now we've seen Anthony Taylor take some action. And when both managers get booked they are responsible for everybody else in the dugout as well. So it might be antics on the support staff. So if someone does something on the bench it's the coaches who get the other card not them. That has been explained. But if they're sent off it's obviously different. Wait man. One of them is just in jobs now. Yeah. What we've said consistently through the game Martin. That man's now come off. I'm sure Thomas took his furious with how he dealt with that situation on the goal. Whether that's the reason or not. But he's been outstanding before that. I mean in the game and maybe that sort of arrogance and confidence because he was playing so well. Made him make that decision. Trying to drag back and flick us all over someone's foot in the box. But no matter how we've said throughout the game Martin. He was still in the game Tottenham. The best thing about this game for them was it was still only one nil. Now they're getting that. Richarlison's played his part in upping the attitude from Tottenham. Defending from the front and forcing the kind of error. Jorginho is a master craftsman. He's been doing running the game really. That's risky to try and run the game in your own penalty area. Just provide a bit of energy for them Richarlison. As soon as he came in he got in behind Chelsea. Off a throw in. Just wound them. He certainly fought Chelsea in a difficult position. But he's progressing from the front. We know he'd provide that as well. Well that's Pellegretto at his own. The top captain who was left out of the starting lineup. But it's reshuffle from Thomas Tuchel. Certainly can't get that. And on celebration from Spurs. But the aggravation between the two dugouts. And the frustration for Thomas Tuchel who thought the game should have been stopped earlier. For a Chelsea free kick. Still that's about 20 minutes to go. Yeah another frustration man for how well Chelsea have played. Totally dominant. They haven't created enough chances away from Tottenham. Goalkeeping nowhere near enough. consolidating. every chance to regain the lead a brilliant ball a brilliant run but it's still one one Kai Havertz so often the hero with vital goals for Chelsea I can't believe he's missed it, I can't believe he's missed it, the top of white Georginio came off it's got to be changed the system now Chelsea they've gone to a back three new change at wing back is absolutely fantastic the quality on his crosses we see it so often when you can't believe he's missed that absolutely on a plate just clutches him on his heel on his ankle doesn't quite catch it right Chelsea coming down and get the smile back on their manager's face so Chelsea now with the ball still stepping at that serves a three at the back we talk about the changing system in that first half we have to shoot because he's trying to he's rolling right wing back and then going into almost number 10 positions at times but now he's a flocking third player let's get a quick word from Jeff Shreves who was down in the dugout area when it all kicked off Jeff what do you see? Martin got a really good view from here I confirm both obviously Anthony Conte and also Thomas Tuchel both plus a member of each's back couldn't start what caused the flash point I'm not entirely sure but I can tell you that Antonio Conte celebrating didn't seem to be the cause of Thomas Tuchel's ire as soon as that goal went in he was straight to the fourth official clearly unhappy about something that happened in the build-up whether it was a bench or third tackle I don't know we'll try and find out later. Here's Sterling and here's Jay! so when the tide seems to be turning Tottenham's way the blows are back in Good backhand crack! in this place He's always nailing these games. I said that earlier on. We've seen it on the bench. With the spaces just opened up for Reece James. It's all about changing the system, just onto that back floor now we know. Maybe not, there's so much space on that side. You can see Ben Davis, he just gets dragged over. It just goes down the centre of the goal. When he just knew he'd stop it, he went back like he did in that first half. And so many players get dragged over to one side. The weight of that pass from Ricky and Stale, it's a simple pass, but the weight of it needs to be right. Reece Shear just wants to get a boot on him. It was about power, not precision. There he is, doing his Tuesday impression. Well, when you run outside the technical area, you should be able to see the difference. If you run outside the technical area, you should get a yellow card. He's already had one. Let's say the officials are understanding of the very high temperature of the match, let alone the weather. Well, Spurs are behind it, Stamford Bridge again, yet again, Tottenham made changes. Even Paris Hitchens, as they had eight this evening, two this summer, have been recruited. So with Richarlison, three of them have been brought on. You know, with the changes that he's made, it looks like he's gone back. Maybe through his previous system. See that back five, I'm looking down now. Perisic's gone to wing back. And that back four did get dragged over so far onto one side. Really difficult for Ben Davis, that left back, dealing with two players both. I had a Dan Romero get dragged over so far to one side. I don't know if it's the temperature there. That's where the overload came from. But again, it came from Chelsea winning the ball back and going quickly, as they did so often. And that's where the overload came from. And again, it came from Chelsea winning the ball back and going quickly, as they did so often. That first time. Thank you so much. Only earned his first, if you like, with Brighton. He's such a good player, Ivan Perisic. You've been on the verge of coming to the Premier League for a long, long time. He's finally arrived. I hope it's not too late for him. Scorer in a World Cup final, and was England's only 1-2, sadly, the scorer of a goal in a World Cup semi-final as well. It looks like we are 10 minutes or so, and we will be time added on significantly, you see. Here's Davis. He was, as Jamie says, left exposed. Now, Perisic bringing a corner up the goal scorer, James. Well, Sotman have equalised once. Perisic. He will take the corner. Lucas Moura also getting ready to come on. The corner comes first. Now, that's done its job. By the front post, Anderson-Royal is off. And Brazilian for another, Lucas Moura. That'll be for that right-hand side. Not done yet at Stamford Bridge. Perisic with a decent throw. Ponto, now he was caught. Clearly didn't see it. A big controversy if this leads to a goal. And in we go. And he's had it, had a message from his assistant on the far side who had seen that. Was it a corner, was it a strained muscle? It might have been the latter. That is. You think it should be a corner? It should be a corner for top of the things. It's a problem he's had several issues of in the last couple of years. Of course, he was a pillar of Antonio Conte's title-winning season. Having won the league with Leicester in 2016, he came here on the back of that and won it again in Conte's team. I'm sad to see. Seems to pick up a lot of injuries in the last 18 months or so. I mentioned the goal and the space he found himself in. No time to chase or back forward to try and get back into the game. You see Diak, Romero, the back four. He just comes across. And the position is stale. And then Reiss James, just the overload on the far side. You see the reaction of that man. Romero's given it back in some ways to maybe top him into their bench. Conte can't even look. But it's been fascinating watching these two managers today coming together on the bench, but also the tactical changes throughout the game and how they change. And Conte's now gone back to his normal system on the back five. He hasn't got the winning feeling just yet. But they're getting closer. So it's just a good instance of you saving the game. Right. Most clearly. Well, we've talked from Thomas Tuchel this week about Conor Gallagher, who has had great loans at Swansea and West Brom, Charlton, of course, and even at George Bristol Palace. Whether he's getting to the Chelsea team, it's always been his main ambition, prolific for Sterling as well. Conor Gallagher, the obstacles, Jorginho, who's made a mistake that cost a goal, although played brilliantly up to that point. And then Golo Kante, who's gone off with at least a tweak, which might keep him out for a while and give Gallagher opportunities. And here is an opportunity for him not to score, to set up a goal. And Mason Mount just got the angers wrong. Loris was beaten. Gallagher's instinct, Jamie, is to score himself. He made a name at Bristol Palace for doing that. Takes the right off, you know. Behind Mason Mount, but he just almost does the goalkeeping with the eyes. More often than not in that position, as we saw first half of Mason Mount. Right footed play, trying to find the far corner. And then he does the reset, he's near post. All right. All right, all right. And that's Romero, and then they're down. And they're all a bit aggressive. I mean, I think half eights now will not just go on the referees' black book, but it'll be going on Romero's black book. Did we know they were going to make a sequel to Battle of the Bridge 1? Yeah, I mean, I said early on, Martin, I always feel like there's a little bit more need in this game. And now it's been started. The time he does try to check in, and he's got a shot himself. That game finished 2-2, incidentally, I think 2016. Not impossible, is it? They've just completely lost themselves, Martin. Since that goal went through, Tottenham's gone really ragged all over the place, with the frustration. Chelsea taking that lead again. Chelsea are really dominating now. They're going to go on and get a third. And quite different to the three meetings in January. Antonio Ponti's team were hardly in the contests. They've been second best in those stats, as you can see. But getting it back to 1-1, even more looks as though it might be a bit more difficult. And there's a bit of a gap there. Even more looks as though it might fall their way off the track. Dio. And it still might. With Lucas Moura. Chelsea played some delightful football in the first half. They really had to battle in the second half. And a long lead. And the rivals, as Jamie alluded to earlier, it's a very strong rivalry, this one. I don't know if it's as close as Marcelo and Tottenham, or indeed Chelsea and Fulham. His first chance he got, he was getting it, wasn't he? Half-hour's on that side. And that's the way to do it. I don't have to tell you. Really funny, I think he had something similar with Charles in that season. That was a lot made, obviously, with Charles in the first time he pinned into Jadak on pre-season. Jamie, you keep an eye on those two, and I'll concentrate on the game. Two minutes. First stop of his time. It'll be interesting to see how long that is. Gallagher. Needs a chance for Tottenham to break. Richarlison. That's the run. That's for the pressure. He's too wise. He's sufficiently astute to let that happen. Well, Armando Droghet. That's actually quite a wise substitution. Kai Havertz. Not getting much of a send-off from Romero, but Havertz is winning. Romero can say, I saw him off, but he's turned into insignificance for the result. It's something to look at this season, how managers use the past to contribute. Maybe go back to Chelsea. Last week, they did something similar. Made lots of changes towards the end of the game. Obviously, one of the clocked down, but again, he was hopeful. All his time wasted will be put on at the end of the game. I think it's something we've got to really push this season. We'll get behind that. Royer had a successful loan spell at Southampton, you'll recall, last season. He had to play once for Chelsea. In 2020, and once last week, so it's his third appearance. He is an out-and-out striker. Albania, of course, but English-born and South. It's so much. Six minutes still to go. We will push to the end of the six. Tottenham fans like complaining about that. A mutual persuasion. If this leads to a second Spurs goal, it's going to be a mayhem. Taylor, I think the game is going to go on. I thought he was right on both challenges. He really did. I sensed the crowd. He was right there, right in the right position. Perisic. The potential match winner. Perisic has thrown one longish ball into the Chelsea penalty area. It goes again. Harry paying gold kit. Harry paying gold kit. He just wasn't expecting the flick on. Great ball to Bormut in his chest. Time to remind you of Bormut's game. Basketball Saturday. After the night, football, round five. Basketball semi-league. Sunday against Chelsea. The rivalry there. Newcastle against Manchester City. A match in Manchester on the Monday. That will do for Chelsea. Royal pressing. Jamie, your job is to award the player of the match. You've still got four minutes to go. Are you going to commit yourself? I'm going to go for Rhys James. It looks like he's got the winning goal. A chance to create a bit. Chelsea in front. Penalty for him now. Perisic. A free kick in a dangerous area. Fowling Kane. He's got his body across. He's very clever in this situation. He's got his body across a little slightly. He's quick, Rhys James. He obviously thought he was quick enough to get there. But Kane was astute enough to get his body across the challenge. He misrepresented the ball. He thought he was quick enough to get his body across the challenge. This represents a real chance for Tottenham to take a rare point away from Stamford Bridge. Maybe a chance for Sean Askew to play with the match. Penalty for Bissouma. Here's a corner. Perisic took the corner earlier on this side. It wasn't great. This sounds an out swing. It's a penalty for Stamford Bridge. Chelsea fans holding their breath here. One touch for Tottenham. It could do the job. And it very nearly did. Another touch to follow from Mendy. Ben Davis. He threw himself at it. It was a great save. Just underneath the crossbar. Mendy saw it coming. Spurs again. Here you are looking at something more. It's like a cucarilla. It gets dragged down to the floor. It's a look. It's a look. It's a look. It's a look. It's a look. It's a look. It's a look. It's a look. It's a look. Violent conduct there. It might be. We talked about being dangerous with the dark arts. He's pulling the hair. I don't know if he strikes him or throws an elbow at him. What is he doing? No. Nothing doing in terms of further action. It's a little angry with that. It's been a day of short tempers. Need a good corner top from here. They have got it. They have got it. Harry Kane got the touch. And it's 2-2. It's a good corner. It's a good corner. It's a good corner. It's a good corner. Harry Kane got the touch. And it's 2-2. In the very last moment. It was a deeper corner. Amazing. We said it was 2-2 in the first battle of the bridge. In the remake, it's 2-2 again. What a brilliant game we have had. We really have. How does he find it? It just comes off. He shames at the back post. He hasn't deserved it. Who cares? No-one in the tournament cares. He certainly does. He can't believe it. The first corner wasn't great. The next two were excellent. Right on the money. So many bodies in there. No-one is really close enough to Harry Kane. He thinks he has a big header. He thinks he has a big header. He thinks he has a big header. He thinks he has a big header. Rhys James. A big header. That close to the box. He gets a little knick on it. Nothing he can really do. Well, ex-Chelsea. Ex-Static. Tottenham Hotspur. Kane's goal. Number 249 for the club. In the most dramatic of circumstances. Well, just a one win here. There have been a few draws. They are on the verge of another one. Unless, play on, says Anthony Taylor. Surely not a fifth goal. This late. Rhys James. Talk about extremes of emotion. Suddenly, it is silent at Stamford Bridge. Except for the Tottenham fans. Who had a very good view of the equalising goal. And it is finished. I knew what I knew.