 reaching the higher playing level, the atmosphere is up to notch with it. It is a place that smells of football, the history hangs in the air, a little too heavy for some in the past, a burden rather than a blessing, but Steve Cooper has used it to educate and inspire and his team whatever happens today or in the coming weeks with an ever-changing cast list, they will linger in the affection of every Forest follower. But there are some experienced campaigners here to give them a distinctly stern test. Nico Williams with his first involvement and Ben Rahman trapping it and it will be important that he's switched on in that regard and the inch bit. Absolutely the way that Forest play, they love to get their wing backs forward in Williams and Topalov right and left, a confident start from Forest, the crowd, the atmosphere here is electric, it was last season, it's just as important for them this season to roll them on to big results at home. There's Joe Walton proudly the club captain now. But a bewildering change it must be to the cast list that surrounds him. Absolutely for Forest, you know the Forest this season, this game is an occasion, the season is there to be enjoyed, it's a season where they have to acclimatise to the Premier League quickly to survive, so if they can survive then Forest could be around the Premier League for a number of years with the squad that they're building but of course they've got to get those players in and get them comfortable playing Steve Cooper's way as quickly as possible. There's Warrill, Rice, Rose, there's Ben Rama. A start of extremes really for West Ham United, the champions on opening day and the lowest ranked of the promoted sides on day two. Awani hoping to get involved for the first time, it's Sofalu who made the header, Mangala, St Louis O'Brien and Toffolo an intuitive understanding between those two develop their Huddersfield and it's led to a first corner of the game. Now there's the problems at the West Ham, full backs might face, Jericho and not trapping back, Toffolo's got a chance to get a goal. Toffolo as a wing back pushing on down that left-hand side providing the width, it then causes a problem for the West Ham back while getting out to stop the crosses or forward goals being played from those wide areas. A limping Kurt Zouma coming away from the fray there, refocusing his attention on defending this set piece. A situation where Forrest are often successful and always strong. Awani's piling in on it. Mangala almost got a second chance of shooting. Here is O'Brien, well if you can't beat them, join them. Vanquished in Huddersfield colours in the play-off final. Lingard, completely filled Antonio, Toffolo bowing with him that time. Bowing with him that time. Toffolo targeted once more, rather it's Nico Williams over there. Well you'd call that a blistering start in terms of tempo, whether it can be sustained in these conditions is another thing. Absolutely expected to start opening what, five minutes, step onto West Ham, give them a problem, they've done that. West Ham is just getting their foot on the ball and slowing the game down, getting a foothold, they're an experienced Premier League team, they can do that very easily. In there is Antonio, a warmest of welcomes. Says he won't be celebrating if he's fortunate enough to score today, had a wonderful single season here where he really ignited his career. I've been a bit of a wanderer before that. Antonio did brilliantly there, just holding the ball up, getting the attacking midfielders to join him and get beyond him. Toffolo did well, chucking the forward run of Solvang. Declan Rice's challenge coming in before any major, major harm could be done. It's a naive challenge, he's never going to get to the ball without going through. I want you to stay on your feet, Declan Rice, don't give a free kick away when you're under pressure in such a dangerous area. The harm could swiftly follow. Williams over the kit. McKenna lurking at the back. Ultimately wasteful. Massive waste really, he's got to wrap you in, step around that ball, whip it in, give your teammates something to attack. He's almost as if he's shooting from there, and that is a waste. You've got a team on the back foot under pressure, keep the pressure on. It's something he might have expected, very different to his previous season. 21 minutes ago with Preston Northend when he was a young Tyro of the management go. He's mellowed a little. So far fouled by Inigo Lingard. David Moyes has seen it all before. This is 623rd Premier League game, so he'll probably have expected this opening few minutes from Nottingham Forest. Just get a grip on the game, slow it down, incredibly hot day. The crowd will quiet down, Moyes might run out of steam after 15-20 minutes, then his team can build. Antonio showing that power, and using it to great effect. Luis O'Brien will disagree. Pure strength of Antonio, just wrestling players off, and he just puts his body in the way. I'm not sure whether that's an actual foul, there's contact, but I'm not sure it actually knocks Antonio off his feet. I can see why O'Brien and Forest aren't particularly happy, but this is a great position for Cresswell. You'd feel more than anybody else just to whip it over that ball and keep it moving away from Henderson. Marmad there, Cresswell is spotting the ball, you might suggest he's just window dressing. Last West Ham game they did last season, Aaron Cresswell whips an inch-perfect free kick over the wall. It's been picked for Everton, nowhere near it, I presume from this position they'll be looking to do the same. This is not that far over the top. The Trent End patrons were not sitting quite as comfortably as they were making out there. Rather than backing himself from kicking out the top corner, he actually whips this towards Dean Henderson, hoping the keeper will move behind his wall and leave that part of the goal exposed. The biggest sin there is he didn't hit the target. Dean Henderson a hugely confident custodian. Many of Manchester United followers would like him back at this precise moment. Hengard, that's the foul, wants to get on with the game, there's Brennan Johnson. The card must be administered. There's a carbon copy of the foul on Aouni, where he's wrong side of Jesse Hlingard. The Vilbert play is excellent, the link play between Aouni and Jesse Hlingard. That's two very similar challenges from the wrong side. The referee said he got away with the first one, I warned you, you do it again, I'm going to book you, you can understand it. Mark Forrest-Doutlas keen to make better use of this free kick. You can see the role that Jesse Hlingard is in the team to play. He'll play in that kind of deeper midfield role, but as soon as the ball goes up to one of the strikers, he'll join in, he'll link. That's exactly what he did there. Is this a moment to continue the range finding process or is he going to hang it up? He's going to hang it up and McKenna will hope to get there. In potentially threatening way, it actually worked. Well, in the end, he repelled a header from his own player, Jarrod Bowen. That's an excellent ball into the box and Jarrod Bowen has to deal with this because he's actually sitting deeper than so far. So he has to challenge with his man and really gets it horribly wrong. Just keeping the pressure on for us, free kicks, open play, keep putting the ball in the box, testing those West Ham defenders. Jesse Hlingard retreating from the scene where I think he was about to get a bit of a pointed welcome from the West Ham fans, away by Zouma. O'Brien, really keen to see how he gets on in the Premier League this season. Bowen out, out on the knee initially and then it was the akate at the back post. And it's fair to say West Ham are at it. Yeah, Forest do have some big players, so whether it be from set pieces or open play, it's no surprise that they're whipping in as many crosses as they can. West Ham have strength in numbers there, but it's about being aggressive, attacking the ball when those crosses come in. They've got to keep that up West Ham. Well, I was at Villa Park yesterday in the midday sun, as only certain types like at this time of year, and it was walking football in the first half. This is anything but. Bowen. What Forest have to be careful of, of course, it's high energy, they're committing bodies up the pitch. If they get bypassed, we know the West Ham with Bowen and Fornals and Benrahma, Antonio have a quartet there that can really hurt them if you give them space to operate in. So far. Ready to take this. Now, Kata imposing himself, that carried quite a touch of risk about it, that challenge. And it's McKenna gets there when Antonio was poised, all in wrestling between Zouma and Aouamie, and a free kick to Forest. That's really good centre forward play from Aouamie. Sometimes you've just got to try and protect the ball, you're not looking to turn and get away and create an opportunity to just secure possession, just wrestle Zouma, get the foul, get your team up the pitch. His dad wanted him to be a doctor, but he used the university money he'd saved to fund a trip to a football academy. Here's Nico Williams now for Forest. Now Aouamie is the target. Well Zouma and Soufak have to do more here. Aouamie, his positioning is brilliant in between the centre half and the full back. Another cross into the West Ham box, just look at his positioning here, you've got Zouma watching the ball. So far hasn't got round, got round on the cover. So the strike is always going to get to a decent ball in and it's a wonderful ball in from Williams. Just can't get over it enough, can't keep it on target, but that is an opportunity. Striped has ever so well getting into that small space in between those West Ham defenders. Well the top brass will be distinctly pleased with what they've seen so far. And it would seem on this evidence that the considerable investment may well bear fruit for Mr Marenakis. It seems that with Forest's presence in the Premier League they have now become sort of the priority ahead of Olympiacos. In terms of where he's putting his cash because let's face it, he knows that a fair bit is going to come in for at least one year. Williams, oh I don't want to hear you again. It's sensational there, as soon as the ball goes out to Nico Williams he's on his way. And he knows that Williams has got his head up and he's looking for him. That's the game plan for Steve Kuber, play with width, but try and play your striker in if you can. We've seen that on a couple of occasions now from Nico Williams across and then an excellent forward ball, maybe just slightly over hit. So, Bowen putting a quick free kick, our knee was alert to it. Four and a half hours. Good work by O'Brien. If he can really settle into life in the Premier League he's got just about everything you'd want from a midfield player. Benrahma, Rice, thought about it, but it was useful. Now's Williams, Antonio, very optimistic handball shot. This is Benrahma. Oh and Henderson, almost cannon supremely kindly for West Ham. But the rescue act was performed by Harry Topolow. Well it's brilliant defensive appreciation from Topolow, he's always goal side of his man. When the ball comes off the goalkeeper he's there to react quickly, that's not by accident. Sometimes the wing back can go to sleep and think defending is not my job, it absolutely is. It's so far, well there was potential that Torres might have switched off there, a different corner routine. Bowen, and the apart away. And left footed centre back, they don't grow on trees those, and he's been a pillar at his previous clubs. A couple of examples there of the attacking danger that West Ham pose. The game just starting to settle, they're getting the ball, I mentioned that attacking quartet that they've got. If they can start to dominate possession they will create chances with those four. West Ham looking a little more at ease now. Being more capable of dictating turns, but the flag up against Jarrod Bowen. Topolow is a forward thinking wing back, looks to get up the pitch, get crosses in. Sometimes you have to get back and help your team out defensively, it's hard work, you cover a lot of ground in that position. But it's so important he's there just to nudge that ball to safety. And N'Rama looking to make life difficult for Williams. Then Guard. Zouma in trouble, the assistant referee flagged him, deeming that Aounia fouled Zouma. He did seem to run into him, Zouma is watching the ball, looking to deal with it, and he does catch him, it is a foul. The elegant rice for Fournals. Croswell, as he should be known. That was a real beauty. Just wondering whether he needed to put that ball in, he is a great passer, but he had two against one. Could have played to Van Arna, got on the overlap and got into a more dangerous position. Aounia couldn't latch on to the delivery that came in, McKenna, N'Rama put the ball to safety, but Sochek guilty of a foul. The owner of the club on the left, some very interested spectators. Christian Carambeau in the centre there, next to Gareth Southgate. On the left is sporting director of Olympiakos these days, so he's part of the organisation. Olympiakos Forest Sister Club. Good harrying by Johnson, which had a quiet start to life in the Premier League. Awanid just could not quite get there. Hardly seen Brennan Johnson in possession, but his hard work there, pressing the West Ham defenders, won the ball back for Lingard. It's such a dangerous ball, just another yard maybe from Awanid, just taking a gamble there. He's got to trust that Lingard has seen that space and tried to get there as quickly as possible. 20 goals in all competitions last season for Union Berlin, 15 in the Bundesliga, which Forest have certainly deemed a worthy proving ground for their Premier League challenge. Sochek, now Fornells, and here's Cresswell. Ben Rama. Beyond all of those gathered in the penalty box, but so far can retrieve the situation. Productive source from that right-hand side. Thomas Sochek is a player that Forest have to be aware of, he makes those late runs into the box, doesn't play alongside Declan Rice. Rice really holds the fort in central midfield, and Sochek can break into the penalty area, he's got great height as well, he'll run beyond Mikel Antonio. So the Forest defenders have to be aware of the midfielders' forward runs. Rice in there as well, who's probably an underestimated force in the air, but they're a very solid team, good at set-pieces at both ends. Inhensiuk, getting enough on it to stem the immediate tide. Fornells, now Cresswell. Won't hang about, Forest very adept at breaking with speed, as I say that, take some of the tempo out of it, but now the thrust for Johnson. Amonese arriving. Here's Rice, there was Mangala. Sochek. Sofial. Bolling. Sofial beats himself, and Toppelo able to find Aouni, Johnson calling for it. He's got his head down, he's thinking about taking Zouma on, he needed to play Johnson in earlier. The first quarter in which the game has absolutely flown along. Sochek, Sofianals. Toppelo. It was all about the home team, but Stammer just managed to get their foot on the ball, get up the pitch, get into the forest penalty area and create problems themselves. The majority fractionally of the ball with West Ham. Here's Boren. Here's Benrama. Cresswell's ball in, is a threat. And Sochek has the opportunity. It's a different story, but his runs into the box need to be tracked, he has to be picked up. But threatening, and may well have more opportunities to stamp his trademark on the game. So, the first drinks break of the day. With Nyon 25 minutes on the clock. David Moyes, satisfied I think that they came through the early storm unscathed. That's a guarantee that the progress will not be smooth from here. Steve Cooper's team, causing threat, different profile of striker, he felt was necessary, Aouni referred to Sam Surridge. And he's causing some problems. The team is in a good position, it is incredibly hot down on that pitch, so for the players to play at full pelt, as they've done in the opening quarter of the game, is impressive. And the team is in a good position, it is incredibly hot down on that pitch, so for the players to play at full pelt, is impressive. And the team is in a good position, it is incredibly hot down on that pitch, so for the players to play at full pelt, is impressive. It's a day to warm the hearts of the Forest Legends and our great friend Gary Birtles certainly falls into that category. Double European Cup winner. He is reading something, he's not asleep is he? I can't believe it if he's watched any of this game, it's been a brilliant start. They have a history of doing some pretty impressive things as a newly promoted side, they did of course win their one and only league championship in 1978, having come up in third place. It was a promotion won by a distinctly narrow margin. You shouldn't forget in the mid-90s that Frank Clark brought Forest up and they finished third and had a great European run, ended by a Jürgen Klinsmann inspired Bayern Munich. Dean Henderson should be doing a little bit better with the forward ball, could have dropped that easily into Brennan Johnson, just over hits it, gives the ball back to West Ham on a hot day, you need to keep the ball if at all possible. If you just keep the ball and don't particularly go anywhere you're going to wear the opposition down in these conditions. Just make them run in 30 degree heat, make them run. It's a team who do have a very mixed approach. That's making it a challenge for an opposition side, so many facets in which they were strong last season. Here's Johnson. Fabianski reads Johnson's effort but the movement is impressive from Brennan Johnson down this right hand side, not had a lot of possession so just drifts across the pitch. His team have got comfortable possession, go and join in on the other side of the pitch. Fabianski has really seen that, he's telegraphed Johnson where he's looking to put it. We weren't privy to hearing the conversation during the drinks break but certainly the gestures when Steve Cooper was talking to his striker seemed to centre on the kind of movements he wants to see. This is Sophal. Sochek ending up on the deck in the middle of the penalty area there. A strike from Sophal is dreadful but the amount of time and space he had to, if you think about playing the ball into the box or shooting, Forrest had to step out and close him down. Frank Clarke, one of those who has served Nottingham Forest in so many roles, claimed the cup that everyone craves, managed the team successfully to promotion and back to Europe and served the club as chairman as well we shouldn't forget. Sophal again on the playing side, not bad for a free transfer. Johnson and Johnson. Here's Sophal. Sophal, the whistle to some degree has served Forrest. It is a foul but it's so important to track the run and stay goal side. Just as impressive. Now Johnson, counter charge on, outnumbered at the moment. Alamein looked like he was a fraction off. Here's the decision. The strike will be in but flagging laying, it's inevitable the striker will get put offside. David Moyes expressing a feeling I'm sure that's shared by many, the delay of the offside flag these days. Suggesting that Fabianski might have been endangered. The flag goes up, the goalkeeper realises I don't have to do anything if it doesn't, is then obliged to deal with it and could pick up an injury but it's such a tough one for assistants and coaches and players, it's very difficult to get everything right all the time. Here's the decision. Here's the decision. McKenna, in for Awaneh, offside. He's working so hard, Awaneh, trying to get into spaces between defenders but it's just a yard offside as that forward ball is placed. The right forward ball is in a position, he needs to be, has to stay, the right side of Zouma. Back on familiar turf, Mr Deitch, winning his career here at Nottingham Forest and plenty of stories of the Clough era. Where will he pop up next? Be nice to see him back somewhere. Such unfortunate. Now for Niles for West Ham, Freshwell. Wrights. Ben Rama. Trying to go on the outside of the wall, and on the outside he succeeds! In the end, Bowen couldn't turn it goalwards. Difficult, it's not an easy chance, it's a high ball, it's coming in quickly. Trying to adjust his body, open his body out to turn it goalwards but this is not where Joe Warren wants to be. Backs into his own penalty area against a Ben Rama, twisting and turning but it's just fired at him. Difficult to adjust and score from there. Got no time to kill it either and sweep it home. I think from that position, the only other thing Bowen could have done if he could have reacted quickly enough was just kind of stoop and head it goalwards, trying to get your foot onto it was incredibly difficult with the height it came to him. Stubborn today under the gaze of Gareth Southgate. I suppose it really had to happen but after that drinks break, the pace of the game, the tempo has definitely slowed and it's down to the heat. The real high tempo stuff may well come in bursts. For Niles, now to Cresswell. What's the best you've done so far? Bowen. An assist in. 27 minutes have opened up for us clearly. Much more down that left-hand side with maybe Topolov or Stryker going into those pockets down the left-hand side. Haven't seen enough really of Brennan Johnson. Seen Nico Williams get a couple of crosses in, but Brennan Johnson down the try-and-set hasn't really got the amount of goal that Forrest would want him to have. In a way, it's a bit of a role reversal from last season where Jed Spence was so prominent raiding down the right flank. And Johnson getting a lot of success courtesy of that. So much squad rebuilding because it was rather built on shifting sands with so much reliance on lone players. Benrahma, Cresswell on hand, three in the box. Will Payne-Off Warrell, will Antonio get there first? Fractions away from Jarrod Byrne. Antonio and the Forrest defenders are all moving back towards the goal. It's how quick any of them can react and get to the ball. It's Antonio that gets there. Once again, using his strength, just holding off defenders. But it's a difficult chance. Trying to knock that ball really round a corner into the net. Doesn't get clean enough contact on it. When that ball goes into Antonio, as we saw there, Bowen will join in. So check your step forward from midfield. Fornals, Benrahma, they can trust Antonio will be strong enough to hold the ball up and see where to lay it off to make the right decisions. Ready for an increase in intensity. Ready for the knocks that have already come. Warrell, O'Brien, Lingard with Toffolo moving up outside. Antonio, disappointed distinctly to lose out. It's Lingard. Lingard wants it. And that has to be a drop ball. I'm no great reader of body language, but I get the sense that Miquel Antonio was not happy at all that a free kick wasn't given there. Still makes that point to Robert Jones. Now, Kante. O'Brien. McKenna. Toffolo to Alani. Johnson. Williams might get there. Look at the handskate ducks. Good moment. Now it's brave for the next time Goldie, but has to move his feet quickly across his line and then just has to put his body on the line. It's not about making a glamorous save, it's about keeping the ball out of the net. Williams as well to get the bit of keepers close the angle down. You know, he's sprinted. It's the bravery really, it's to save the day there. And a way swinger from Williams, McKenna will joust for it. Break on Benrahma, feeling a little lonely, but that might not matter. He's got Rice in support. And now he's at Scorbis. Forest players adamant seemingly that there was an offside in there or possibly even a foul. I think Santonio touches Mangala to the ground. That's what Forest run up, you know, they barely shook to the ground, the Forest player. Antonio pushes in, we'll see it here. As the play's developing there, Antonio just barges into Mangala, knocks him off his feet. Play goes on, Torso got a play to the whistle. This is what Benrahma does and tucks it home really coolly, but the counterattack is exceptional. Seems to run out of steam because he simply can't get support Benrahma. You know, Rice is waiting and waiting. There's the collision. You see Antonio is just saying, I just, you know, run into him, what else could I do? It's not a foul. Clearly the officials are having a good look at this to see whether they feel that is a foul. He looks onside Benrahma. Will the goal stand? Maybe the referee will get sent out to have a look at this. So Robert Jones has been invited to review the incident and whether he feels that Antonio committed a foul here. They're certainly getting some unwanted help. It's where the referee feels that Mangala, if Antonio's not there, could he step out to Rice and affect the play? If he feels that Antonio's taking him out, stopping him doing that, and there is an argument for that, then the goal could be chalked off. And indeed it is. And now Antonio in consternation. Yeah, because what Antonio will be saying, look, it's an accidental collision, but if you materially affect the defender's ability to play the ball, that's what the free kicks are going to be given for. And that's what he does with Mangala, who's looking to move forward to get close to Declan Rice. And Antonio stops him doing that. It might be accidental, but he does seem to step across into him, blocks him off. And I can see why the foul has been given and the goal has been chalked off. I have a feeling there should be too much debate about it in all honesty. Looking at that again. That's frustrating and disappointing for Said Benrahma. Brilliant contribution to that counter-attack and a very cool finish. It's Williams. Good hand from Fabianski. That's a save that should make a Premier League goalkeeper of his quality. This is comfortable, sees it all the way, it's a good eye, he's in a good position, should handle it well. But positive from Forrest, positive from Nico Williams. Now Antonio's just again run into Mangala there and I'm sure he's saying to the referee, well hold on a minute, if it's a foul being given away then he's just blocked me off, so why aren't I giving a foul for that? You can see the point he's built is a lack of consistency there. Of course having the goal chalked off is the biggest problem for Antonio. And he's on the list now. To Lengard. Johnson. Mangala. McKenna. Toffolo now to O'Brien. Impressive work there by Toffolo. That's for Lengard. For me. That is the sound of 23 years of Munich, Toring at it. Well the finish, hardly a thing of beauty, but to every Forrest follower, it is a magic moment. It's not the most glamorous Premier League goal that Forrest is ever going to score, or anyone he's ever going to score, but it ends up in the back of the net. It's all about the positive play of Harry Toffolo. The West Ham defenders look scared to make a tackle once he gets into the penalty area. And it's a real scuff of Lengard, it looks like the chance is gone. But Aouni, as he's done throughout the half, has been alive, he's been aware, he's been facing the target. So he's in a position to bundle that ball in. And that's what he does, he just comes off him and goes in. But it's because he's in that position, looking to profit, that's why he and Forrest have taken the lead. They thought they'd gone behind when Benrahma took the hole, but they've cleared their heads, gone down the other end. And that's a priceless goal for Steve Koonkel. Well, his number nine will surely score more stylish goals as the season has gone on, but he has opened his account, and it doesn't matter how you do it. How you do it. Pressure! Williams. So far, right place. Yeah, whether it be goalkeepers making saves or strikers scoring goals, it's not how you score them, but that you score them. Well, they go in buoyant and jubilant at the city grounds. I worked out of the pre-match proceedings here at the city grounds, so is one of the goals scored that day. A thumping free kick from Johnny Method, still an iconic moment. And I have to say, I recall having watched Sports Night on my top-loading VHS before school. I was doing the celebration in the playground the next day. There's the Johnny Method arm pointers. They're all doing it. Helped shatter West Ham's title dreams that season. Seeking a quick road back here, it's Fornals! And such a... And what an escape for Forrest! Well, Fornals is incredibly unlucky. This ball is packed. Henderson before he can react, but how quickly Henderson gets up on his feet to make a vitally important second save. So check point. So just going to nod this back into the net, making one all. Blistering start to the second half, but Dean Henderson, that ability to get off the floor quickly and make a save. Outstanding. Well, showing his worth in one moment. Well, showing his worth in one moment. West Ham starting in exactly the fashion that David Moyes would have wished. Ben Johnson. Seeking to help shackle his namesake today. Just look at that Socek header. If he could have headed it high or low, I don't feel that Henderson would have been able to react. But he headed it really where Henderson could kind of dive across. Is it a good height for the goalkeeper? So it's being ultra critical of Socek. Normally you just expect him to score. All the credit goes to Henderson. Where that ball ends up is probably where Henderson wants it. Awane. Toffolo. Awane again. Excellent full debut. Didn't break his way there. Antonio. Antonio. Jarrod Bowie. Ibrahimovic in pink, sit there with Scott McKenna, showing real defensive discipline. I would imagine, not only that gentleman under the gaze of Gareth Salpier, I know it's very early in Luis O'Brien's Premier League career, but he's certainly a player capable of hitting extremely high standards. Henderson losing his cap. In fact, Fornal shot fizzed over him. Toffolo stretching. This is the phase of the game where Nottingham Forest just have to dig deep here, be disciplined, have a good defensive shape, because they haven't started this second half very strongly. Whatever the personnel, he has inbuilt a resilience in the Forest ranks, and they demonstrated that as clearly as at any occasion during the play-off final. Which I'll say quietly, was not hugely entertaining. As they can be, but they did dig in. And yes, got some fortune. Grieved as he may have been on the day, Toffolo has benefited from it, but he will only find Declan Rice. Here's Preswell. Preswell. Benrahma. Rice. So far. Fornal is popping up in an interesting position with plenty of room to work with, and O'Brien there again. Another example of why Luis O'Brien is so important to any team that he plays for. He does so many things so well, his defensive positioning there, perfect. Benrahma. His best contribution to the game has counted for nothing due to others' actions. It seemed to strike the armour of Sotek, and that's the decision. And that's such a crisp strike from Fornals. He's actually moving away from the target, he's starting to whip with the instep. That brings the power, he's so unlucky not to score himself, he's clearly not over the line, but hence the power. And here's O'Brien. O'Brien. He's starting to whip with the instep, that brings the power, he's so unlucky not to score himself, he's clearly not over the line, but Henderson reacts so, so quickly. And Sotek, anywhere but where he actually heads it, and it's pretty much unsaveable. You've got to give the goalkeeper a huge amount of credit for not just lying on the floor and waiting for the inevitable, he makes a stunning save. The cap came off shortly after that. Decided he can dispense with it. In the first half, West Ham's attack was pretty sporadic, but they've been consistent, start of the second half, they know what David Moyes said to them, but they've dominated since the break. And they'll be disappointed if not equalised. They've been on the receiving end of it many times, I know that often just a glare will do. It's better be David Moyes or Paddington-Barry, it works the same, does it? Certainly works with David Moyes, surprisingly he turns to Stone on a few occasions. And it's Sotek, Antonio involved again there, on the edge of the area, it's so far dealt with by Niakate. There's no complaints there from Nicol Antonio, but Niakate's got to be so careful, so desperate to get to the ball, he did seem to bundle through the back of the striker. Oh no, it's not the ball, good boy. They've really made work around picking that rock. They're pushing and pulling Forrest around, there's an intensity, a zip to their play, much sharper with their passing, with their movement. Forrest are really at the moment just hanging on, they've got to hang in there, the next ten minutes. Chamberson's. Lingard. It was an interesting choice for Jesse Lingard to join Nottingham Forest, with that success they had last season at West Ham, I felt clearly that would tempt him back again, and we'd go differently. Bangalore, it was 4-4, and it bounced off set. Yeah, it looks like there may have been an offside in there, no, the goal has been allowed. No, the goal has been allowed, and this is turning into one of the great days for Nottingham Forest. Nottingham Forest just hanging in there and keeping West Ham out. They've gone down the other end and have they scored? It's a very, very tight call. He does look to be ahead of that final defender, all he can do, Ben and Johnson, is took the ball home, he's done that. Of course, they'll be having a good long look at this. Well, Robert Jones is waiting for assistance from Stockley Park. Of course, this is not a subjective decision, it's a factual one, so VAR will make the call, they'll draw the lines and probably, probably disallow it. Well, there's no higher power involved, I'm afraid. It's just Michael Salisbury. And confirmation has come from Stockley Park that that glorious moment is only a brief one, that brief rush of celebration, and both sides now having a goal disallowed. At this point, it's only my impression that Stockley Park is not in the stakes for a third round of closing the game and a goal from a man who has before a moment in his career. Two goals from Ashim Shahe has been approved to be counted, to assume that the Men's Tennis Hall isn't caught. Nico Williams. You should get out there by my right-hand side. Nico Williams just gave Sporis the opportunity to get on the ball. Let's take this thing out of the game and try a few attempts themselves. Oh, and......quickly given in his favour. This is a view our video assistant referee would have used to conclude matters. I want a... Johnson's certainly getting involved now and testing his namesake. This amazing hobby of the game has now changed to forest-piling for them. They weathered that storm, made an extraordinary save, and the belief is starting to come back. They're getting on the ball, they're getting on the pitch, they're getting on their team and heavily involved. Oh, and that's a flying save from Fabianski. Yes, a save he should make, but this is the worry for me. When you're marked zonally and you've got big centre-halves who are able to run into space, attack the ball, they are going to get there, but a bit of the pace is taken off it, so it's a bit of an inflection. So, I'm not going to go into too much detail on this, but I'm going to say that there's a lot of things that can be done. First of all, they are going to get there, but a bit of the pace is taken off it, so it's a bit of an inflection. So, in the first half, as good a goalkeeper as Fabianski is, at that height, he should be keeping it out. Well, a response of their own to the improvement West Ham have made at the start of this second half. Well, a response of their own to the improvement West Ham have made at the start of this second half. In the second game, as a manager at this level, against a man who has so much experience, and has been a source of advice and a font of knowledge for Steve Cooper down the years. Well, it's getting towards that time, and action on the bench. Kevin Nolan, who knows Nottingham pretty well, issuing the instructions. Mancini and Scamacca ready to make their entrance. Kevin Nolan, former Notts County manager, very unlucky in the play-off semi-final against Coventry, who began their rise almost in that moment. So far, Royce O'Brien, Mal Preswell, Ben Roy, and then, of course, there's the challenge that Mangala doesn't need to make. He's moved away from the forest goal. So just stay on your feet and keep forcing your back. Don't try and win the ball back there. It's unnecessary. It was a somewhat painful experience as Ben Roy's foot landed. I'm not sure if this free kick ends up in the back of Henderson's net. That's it, Roy. Ben Preswell. It will be Ben Rama. Once again, fractions away. Well, it's not his day. A goal chalked off and fractions away from an equaliser there. Just like Fornals, Ben Rama is so unlucky. Dean Henderson is a spectator. He's just hoping things go his way, and they do. We break kindly for Forrest. It will, initially. Fornals on the midfield. Rico Williams out of the game. And so is Warrall now. Ben Rama raiding. And so's it coming in. Well, McKenna with a heroic block. Well, one centre-half gets it horribly wrong, and Joe Warrall tries to win the ball, and he shouldn't do. That enables Ben Rama to break beyond him here. It goes to ground when he shouldn't have done. McKenna does so, so well getting back. Is there a hand in there? I feel that arm is extended out to block the ball. McKenna gets away with this. He's a lucky boy, because I do feel that he has deflected that ball away with his arm. He knows what he's doing. Now we wait, and we wait. Well, not heroic, but handled by Scott McKenna. Now you see McKenna's moving to his left, and then that right arm, it does just extend out. Tries to keep it close to his body, but he's got to extend it to make a connection with the ball, and surely that has to be a penalty. They're waiting to see whether it was preceded by an earlier incident that should have been punished. I suppose it's that 4-0 challenge, isn't it? If that's OK, which I presume it is, if they're looking at this, that's OK. It's about whether this is handball or not. Well, the question they're asking is whether the goalkeeper's position is going to save him from a red, and it certainly will. And Scott McKenna is booked. It could have been worse, but for Dean Henderson's position, it doesn't seem as if there's too many arguments from Scott McKenna and the Forest players. That probably tells you they know exactly, he knows exactly what has happened, and it's just instinctive. The arm comes out because the ball is moving towards the goal. He's no idea where Henderson is. He's just looking to block it away and get away with it, but it's pretty clear that's a handball. Well, there was a question mark about the 4-0 challenge, which set West Ham in motion. Well, the officials are happy they got that right, and Declan Rice accepts the responsibility. And in Roxham, because Dean Henderson is able to save, but it's not a lustily hit penalty at all from the West Ham captain. It wasn't a great penalty. The first half belongs to Owane, the second half so far belongs to Dean Henderson. Two brilliant saves. I think he really reads this. The way that Declan Rice approaches it, he sees that he's going to wrap his instep around it, knows he's going to go to his right, reads it beautifully. He's down quickly. Another stunning save from the forest chimp. Henderson's heroism is preserving a clean sheet for Nottingham Forest. And then preserving, at the moment, a maiden Premier League victory on their return. I suppose when you step up a division, you're looking to sign players. Yes, you need a quality centre forward, but you absolutely need a top-class goalkeeper. And in Dean Henderson, Forest have that. An opportunity spurned. And West Ham about to introduce the two substitutes who've been preparing for some time. The set-piece is settled. Nico Williams to play it in. And Wilcate was not expecting it to come to him. Surprised in the end. If that's a striker, probably the anticipation is there. The expectation that the ball is going to drop at your feet. You took it home. But maybe a centre-half? Not very quite as alive. You expect the centre-half to flick it clear. It's a wonderful ball in again. Nico Williams, the way, the angle of the ball in was perfect. O'Brien. So far, slip. Was it possibly one? Rice is there. Bournaus. Benrama. So far. Bowen. Now it's ball in. Wilcate. Alani imposing himself. They've got a new favourite here at the city ground. Alani, you look at his ability. You can see that. His application as well, with and without the ball. Just as impressive. Forest fans, any football fan would love that, one of their players. Great battling work here by Antonio. Goal shot by McGuinness. That block was certainly legitimate. Breslau. That's a wonderfully open game, both sides going at it, Hammer and Tongs are in for a fascinating final 25 minutes or so, but strong play, positive play from Antonio. Scott McKenna does ever so well, he stays on his feet, he watches the ball, defensive basics, spot on from the big defender. So Lanzini and Skamaka on. Ales frudging. Miguel Antonio also withdrawn. Getting some generous applause from his own followers. Just looking at Skamaka's numbers from last season, scored 16 league goals, most of them inside the penalty area, most of them with his right foot. Penalty area, a penalty area predator, so for West Ham they have to get that ball into the box, that's where he operates best. He has responsibility trying to take off WrestleMania, he's something else. It's one thing West Ham really needed to do was just flesh out the squad, bring in more attacking options with some of the players that they've lost in Scamacca. He's a big money signing but he was a force last season. We'll see how he compares to other strikers in Italian football but as I say he's very much a penalty area striker. So again you don't want him wandering too much. The ball is in wide areas so there's a chance to pick him out in the box, do it. Zouma gets there first. Scamacca involved there, McKenna climbing all over him. McKenna's got to be careful being booked. The ball was kind of immaterial there, clattering into Scamacca, he's got to watch his step. Well they will take the opportunity for a pooling break. They will take the opportunity for a pooling break. The heat very much on. Well West Ham have certainly pushed hard. They have rattled Forest's cage. Forest with plenty of relief. A pretty mad minute here at the city ground. Dean Henderson could do absolutely nothing about this. Pretty much inch perfect free kick from Benorama. You can see he's a spectator there, gets a bit of good fortune. Ball drops in his gloves just 30 seconds later. He's got a bit of a chance to get a free kick. Forest unhappy, they feel that was a foul by Fornells. I'm not so sure Joe Warrill shouldn't try and win this, he does. The chance opens up and it is a clear handball from Scott McKenna. He's moving to his right, sticks out his right arm. It is a block, it's a great opportunity for Rice but he really telegraphs the penalty. It's not hit with great conviction. Henderson reads it. He's got a chance to get a free kick. So far the second half has gone in Forest and Henderson's way. An extraordinary period of play. Are we going to have to find another word for telegraphing these days? I can certainly get my thesaurus out if you'd like me to do that. Get thumbing. Sam Surridge is going to make his entrance. Well, the man he will replace will certainly remember the first time. Stepping out at the city ground. And giving the supporters here a scruffy but special moment. But again I've got to give him a huge amount of credit. He's on his toes, he's aware, gets a bit of good fortune but he's facing the target. When the ball canons off him, he's moving into the box. His movement, attacking movement and work off the ball was outstanding. O'Brien doing well under pressure. There's Zouma. Dangerous game. When Jesse Lingard is showing that sort of appetite. So far, Lanzini. Certainly finding their way forward under pressure here West Ham. And there's the ball. Certainly finding their way forward under pressure here West Ham. Cresswell. Penrahma, who's certainly justified his selection today. Lanzini. Carabone seemed to get a bang inside the penalty area. Soufals, bang into the box was not worthy of further reflection. It's just the wrong choice, he decides to cross it. He's got Penrahma who's come across the pitch offering him a short pass. He doesn't take it up, he's so keen on whipping the ball into the box, gets it wrong. The hors d'oeuvre for a tasty feast at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea against Tottenham, Kupa Raya, Hulibaly and Sterling making their home debuts for Chelsea today. Dean Henderson has been fortunate for taking a little too much time in restarting the game. He'll have his place in the headlines. Surridge. He does a lot of selfless running. Skahaka's in behind here, Niakate, suckered in. Penrahma's on hand, but a goal scorer inside the penalty box is first thought always to shoot. Niakate's got a problem here. In addition to those that Skamaka might cause him, he is in real difficulty. He's a defender who loves to win the ball and you can't always do that. Strikers will use their bodies against you and roll you. He's a very aggressive defender, which is great, but you can't always win the ball. That's what he wants to do. Fabarov, a real experience, is on hand in the shape of Steve Cook. It's a good recovery because he gets rolled by Skamaka, but he works hard to get back goalside. Steve Cook ready to roll. He wasn't last weekend due to a minor injury. He had a much needed steadying presence last season. I do recall him having an aberration on a big occasion, conceding a penalty here against Derby last season. That was very much an isolated incident. Alan Tate back in the centre, amongst the Forrest coaching staff. It looks as if Sam Surridge has dropped into the back line to help out. He offers plenty of presence. Indeed, at one stage in his youth career, they saw him as a marauding right-back. Alan Ekate is back on, but not for long. It's admirable that he wants to carry on. Of course he wants to carry on. He's worked so hard, his team are in the lead, he doesn't want to go off. He had a different sort of instinct, as well as the defensive ones. He might have had a goal for himself today as well. He's got a lot of confidence in himself. He's got a lot of confidence in himself. You probably would have brought a cap with you, wouldn't you? Steve Cook will hope to add his steadying influence. He's got a lot of confidence in himself. He's got a lot of confidence in himself. He's got a lot of confidence in himself. Surridge, Lingard, Waite, O'Brien joining them. They'll stay there. The ball is received by Declan Rice. That's an awkward one for press, right? A pause as an attendance of 29,281 is announced. Cook, straight to Lanzini. Benrahma outside him. Presley-Lerry, shoulder slump. They need to play the forward ball to him much quicker. Benrahma really has to play. Once you go back, then you play a forward ball. He's going to have run offside, and that's why he thinks, just play me in earlier. Well, on another day, the fortunes would have favoured them. No question about that. Bourne, getting ready to make his first appearance in the colours of West Ham. Very comfortable in Claret, although today, that's the black away number. Benrahma, inclusively, shaped off Nico Williams, but that'll do. How fresh are the minds with the added factor of the heat? But not Kurt Ziemans! Ziemans, on to that near post. He's not there to start with. Once the ball goes over his head, he does exactly the right thing, and he gets back and protects the target. Outstanding. Williams is there again. Zouma's unhappy because he's made acquaintance with the city grounds turf. Zouma goes to ground here. Is he actually forced to the ground? That's what the officials are now looking for. He just seems to get away from his man, but then seems to maybe fall himself. This is Nico Williams getting round on the cover, back towards that near post. Henderson, never going to save it. He's thankful for his wing back, getting back onto the line. Mangala, replaced by Cahoon. There's opportunities. Morris Smithfield have become ever more fleeting as time has gone on. He was brought on for the penalty competition against Sheffield United in the play-off semi-final second leg here on a night when the city grounds throbbed like it hasn't done in years, until today. The boy on the left, from the West Ham United career, Maxwell Tornade. I hope to play a show-stealing cameo here, replacing Jared Bowen. Sorich. Sochek, and that follows Skett with the decision. Sochek's toe, but... The decision goes in West Ham's favour, and rightly so. Can West Ham summon up another burst of energy and inspiration? Rice, who will certainly have regrets after this if it stays this way. That's on by Harry Topolow, Breswell, Saeed Benrahma. Benrahma. Steve Cook, doing the job he was tasked with. This forest side, with hardly a welter of real Premier League experience, to stand firm. Benrahma. The safe hands of Dean Henderson, and what safe hands they have proved when it's mattered today. David Moyes, particular frustration. Topolow, returned by Johnson. Not his gifts. Steve Cooper, finding the role which best showcased his talents. Johnson. Breswell, looking for the corner flat, still gets it on the clock, Ben. Breswell, Benrahma. Benrahma, will stay down the side. Tormenting Warrick. Mancini. Not tormenting the forest goal, but he's forced a corner. May have probably taken a corner, it's difficult ball-pinging across your body, it's not a clean connection, it's way off target. But it hits a forest player. So important for West Ham at this stage that they get an opportunity to get the ball in the box. Derriere of captain Joe Warrick, propelling it. Or a West Ham corner. Socek, piling in. Well-martialed, he was not presented with a particularly clear-sighted goal, and Topolow getting the pats on the back. He does outstandingly well, Topolow here, he doesn't actually get to the ball, but he just stops. Socek getting a really clean connection goalwards. As a defender at times you can't always get to the ball, but can you stop your man scoring? And he does. The nails are already being bitten all around the city ground. And this news won't help them. Minimum of seven added minutes. West Ham might have their grievances about the goal that never was for them in the first half, although it certainly seems from where we're standing that Antonio had taken up a bit of NFL. Certainly be wondering what might have been, having been given an opportunity from the penalty spot. Now, extra ball on the pitch. Must be halted. That might be something of an occupational hazard this season with a multi-ball back in play. Nico Williams in a spot of bother, which is why the game has not restarted. And it may well be that the male population will be particularly empathizing with him at this moment. Sure, there's an awful lot of medical staff can do. No. And in a sense, it's serving a purpose. It's doing the right thing, actually, what he should be doing, closing down. His man. Clearly gets a whack in a sensitive area. We've all been there. For now, and any sort of pursuit today is hot. This is what he wanted. He wanted to be in positions like this on the cusp of victory in the Premier League. This is what it was all about. You have to remember when he came in, they had just dramatically staved off relegation to the third tier. First time coaching staff. It's happening to all the minds. Williams. And then it. Rice. The opportunity to take a. And again, it's been a thought in for a side. I'm going to lay it by a state. Locked down risks. good in years and he's been influential today and he will be influential all season you can see why steve cooper wanted him and he's influential in front of the manager today manzini that threatens that pass toffolo alive to it so checked so far high and hanging and should be defended lingard you see lingard there just maybe feeling his hamstring that might be such a crap more than anything else well it's as big a physical test as surely they will have all season playing in these intense conditions and the intense emotions of the occasion for the forest players capo to johnson i'm sorry to just straight offside potentially no it will be a forest free kick and they're closing it or sewage does his job there he backs into his defender yes valve yes his team up the pitch they can run the clock down forest our batch is the pride just a few more hard yards to be run run referee he's going to issue a card here to brennan johnson for delaying the restart so rich i'm still tuning for it might be now a few vital seconds although that's crossed the line and sewage will be put well that's the feeling forest have craved if well not yet now the free kick was taken too quickly the referees called it back it's not the end of the game yet oh dear never mind well that's the feeling that accompanies premier league victory