 the Welsh international will get us underway. David Putes is our match referee, Peter Bank is on VAR duties. If football did exist before 1992, but the Premier League has changed the landscape of English football dramatically since its introduction 30 years ago this weekend, back then Bournemouth were playing in what is now League One while Manchester City finished mid table with a certain Nile Quinn on the books. And now a global football group with one of the game's best managers, some of the world's best players and a team feared by all of Europe. A lot can change in that time. And they're already on the march here with one of their best, Kevin De Bruyne, with a ball in and it's an early corner here for City, Gary. Harlan's applauding the cross and we see it so often with De Bruyne. Doesn't even have to look up, just knows where he wants to hit that ball early. The only surprise really is that there's not someone in the box to attack that cross. Nervy looking clearance away by Adam Smith, under new contract in the last few days. Not a bad aerial presence in the penalty area. Of course, Nathan Ake is so good at attacking, these Bournemouth players will know all about that, he started for them. In by Foden, and they're attacking! And the former Bournemouth player comes close inside the opening 90 seconds of the 90 minutes. Not the biggest in stature, but he attacks that ball so well. Such a threat. It's a surprise really that he's had a free header there. I mean, the only frustration for him is that he doesn't get a good connection on it. £40 million signing from Bournemouth when he arrived in 2020 and has largely been a squad player for City. Beginning his chance at the moment with Laporte out and Stones only on the bench. Out by Rodri. Mores. First Premier League start of the season for him, did start the Community Shield, defeats a Liverpool. Bournemouth play out. Up to Moore. And Foden who started on the left-hand side read that. So much to admire about this Manchester City team going forward. I don't think they get enough credit for just how good they are. Out of possession, Foden straight away recognises the danger. Runs back 40 yards at a real pace just to stop that switch of play. Walker, infield as we saw so often against West Ham. On to De Bruyne. And he's got it. Stops away from Christy. Walker again, infield. And John by Rodri. Hung up by Rodri. And Bournemouth can see another corner. You can see Bournemouth straight away, very disciplined in terms of their defensive line. Holding the edge of that box, but as soon as that ball goes back even a couple of yards, they're squeezing up as well. So they're really trying to condense that area, that 10 area that City really do exploit. But the worry again, as we saw at West Ham for that Harland, that penalty that Harland won, is that even when you are relatively deep, he still has the pace to exploit that space. De Bruyne over the corner. Oh, well attacked. And a couple of vulnerable moments here as Rodri has this attempt. You see his reaction. He knows he should be heading on goal. There's another free header. Good score here on final day. And that incredible win over Villa that secured City the title, pipping Liverpool to it by a single point. And two-nil down, winning 3-2. Moore can't find Christie. Good no-hand. And a goal. Walker. Great weight on the ball from midfield. And Mares is chopped down by Stacey. He's coming to the team today playing at left-sided wing back. No, I'm saying that Stacey's a right-back by train. I'm surprised that Smith, the more experienced player, didn't play on the full-back side. But maybe because he is that right-back, Mares coming in on his stronger left foot. And that occasionally goes on the outside. And he just tricks the full-back into a lunging tackle. That's not something you want to be doing this early on in the game. Yellow card with 85 more minutes potentially of Mares running at him here for Jack Stacey. Quality in the City. You have any situations where you might play from out on play and now they can just open up most teams. Well, most Septice goals in all of the Premier League last year. So we know the quality, the likes of these two guys have. Mares off and beaten away by Travers. Had to be sharp. He's kept honest by the fact that he actually goes across that near post. As a goalkeeper, you've got to wait for any little glance in the header. So he has to react reasonably late there. And it's a strong right hand to punch it away. Ominous opening five and a half minutes. In by Tabruna. What have they planned here? Good one. Clever. Ake on the turn. Another corner. You think about a boom of players reacting to anything. Clever City. The referee had no idea as well because he nearly got in the way. Harlan's had a touch yet. And it's in the penalty area. Oh, and it's even Diaz this time. Mares! First sighted goal for him. Scorer of 24 goals last season for City. Ball breaks in there and he's strong left foot. Just looking to get the shape right. It just cuts underneath the ball to send it over the bar. But it's a real concern in terms of how poorly Bournemouth are defending these set pieces. Reacted well in the end, Travis. Switched from the number 42 to the number one shirt this season after a very, very good campaign in the second tier of English football. He missed one game all season. That was because he was ill. So they've got a lot of faith in him. Likewise with the international squad. Stephen Kenny was talking this week in terms of the injury to Creven Kelliker and how Klopp is saying it was happened on international duty. Stephen Kenny wasn't convinced because he said if he was injured, I've had no qualms whatsoever putting Travis in. Bournemouth's captain Kelly. Launch a trademark long throw into the penalty area. Infringement has been spotted by David Coutts. In the situation, Bournemouth have to try and get something from. They're going to be few and far between Missouri against West Ham. I think of Antonio having that header early on and then Deaton Rice just after the break a chance. But for those two moments, they never even laid a glove on city. David Moyes said they were completely caught out tactically by this car Walker Central midfield role. Drifting in from right back. So Bournemouth knew this was likely coming today at least. I mean, David Moyes can say about his quite tactically. It's not necessarily what they're doing that you can't affect is how well they implement it. You can't actually stop it because they've always experienced manager would have seen what's happened. Would have try to make some adjustments. But someone is experienced as David Moyes struggling to do it. You wonder how Scott Parker as a young manager is going to be our code. Yeah, Parker guided Bournemouth back to the Premier League with a second place finish last season. That's only like what Eddie Howard did really in trying to keep them in the Premier League for a long period. Good strength, holds off Cook brilliant running for the Belgian and Travers with an excellent stop. Phil Foden should have the opening goal of this game, but for Ireland's international goalkeeper, that's a brilliant side who really is. And I think when you come to these stadiums, you know, your goalkeeper is going to have to play well. Brilliant play by Droner again, breaks the Foden and really should be squaring it there for the centre forward. Harland is furious with him, but he really is. When you're in on goal like that, your eyes light up. It would have been a tap in for Harland. Droner in. Well, a City player wins the header, Gündoğan, Walker. Oh, so dangerous for Harland. And four of them were stretching, Ake at the back post. None of them could make that wonderful whipped in delivery. He's going to learn that these balls come in early from de Bruyne. Such is that quality. It's brilliant. It's a dream ball for a centre forward. You're not surprised, like we said minutes earlier, that he's not in that box attacking it. You know he's going to do that. You know he's going to play that ball. I think the defenders will know as well as soon as he gets it. You're dropping deep. Such is the quality. It really is of the highest quality. You're thinking about back in the day, David Beckham in those type of situations, whipping those balls in. I'm saying about Foden in terms of not squaring for Harland there. I think he'd be convinced as a wide player he needs to get his numbers up. Part of the modern game now isn't it, those wide guys. We're talking about Mahrez, the goals he got last season. And the fact that Sterling has left the building now as such and averaging 16 goals a season over these last five years. The likes of Foden, Grealish have to start getting in around them numbers. They had 10 for Foden, 14 for Foden last season I should say. I'm sorry, Mark Crump didn't read a lot of the campaign. Mahrez. Stances all over the place here against the Algerian. De Bruyne, Gundogan, away by Mappen. In this hot weather, Bournemouth have been given the run around. Another ball, Foden, just tried to square it to Harland this time. Cancelo. And Adam Smith, there's enough to deal with him. It's noticeable that Smith has a right wing that's narrowing up to his three-cent a half, just trying to condense that area there. Some more to build the factor 50 of Fitch. Harland, Gundogan, Bournemouth can't get out of their half. This won't be surprising to them really. They were a possession-based side in the championship last season, 57% on average. Only Fulham and Swansea had more, but Scott Parker from that time, but Fulham you sense, knows he has to adapt to the Premier League. That's a massive jump, it really is in terms of quality. It's amazing how different the skill set required to get out of the championship compared to the one to survive in a Premiership. It really is, you nearly have to rip up the script and start again and see how you can affect games. There's a physicality about Bournemouth and there's a good discipline about defensive in terms of the distances between the midfield unit and defensive unit. They're not standing, they're trying to squeeze every opportunity. It's just the movement of this Manchester City team. The concentration levels have to be so high. Walker. Gundogan. Rodri. He has to stand up to Mares now. Rodri. Di Bruno. Clever. Mares City are in again. The flag has gone up this time. 76 and a half more minutes of this to go for Bournemouth. Well, if you said that to the Bournemouth players, I think they'd probably think a half an hour has gone. They've been out there, it's just been relentless in terms of the pressure. But I think that's the mindset you have to instil in the players coming to the Etihad is that there's going to be long periods where you don't see the ball, don't get embarrassed by it. Just stay focused. Di Bruno City have turned it over. Gundogan. Important challenge from Lerma. Midfielder doing a job at the back at the moment, such as Bournemouth. Lack of centre-back options. Joao Cancelo. Rodri. Holds off Moore. Now makes an unexpected run into the box. Presents it to Christie. Now Bournemouth try and move with Marcus Tavernier, but Ake's there. That's the out-of-ball for the opposition. Those wide areas, his wide centre-arcs have to be so mobile for Manchester City and be comfortable in full-back positions. In terms of the way that Cancelo plays as a full-back into midfield, I wasn't surprised that they were linked to Puccarello at Brighton, and I didn't think they would look to play him at left-back. I thought they'd probably play him as that left-side centre-half, because invariably, the description of your position is not necessarily where you will play on the pitch for Manchester City. Gundogan. Speaking of which, it's Walker again. Done a compelling viewing last week, Gary, against West Ham. What's City been doing? I was just absolutely in awe of just how well they executed that. You're talking about a 7-15 in the Premier League, a packed London stadium, West Ham supporters absolutely baying for blood in terms of the new boys, the champions coming in and Haaland coming in. City with their possession-based football just quieting them down. It was a brilliant performance. Rodrion. Diaz. Meppum, who actually wasn't a starter for Bournemouth last season but has begun the two opening Premier League games of the season. No longer have Gary Cahill left the club at the end of the season. Now, Philips is on loan from Liverpool, but he's back at Anfield. That's what Parker said about this, they were light in terms of recruitment. He actually says they're a weaker squad than they were last year. That's concerning, certainly. Eight first-team players left the club in the summer, so there's still a lot of work to be done here. It's so important that first home win of the season against Villa just to get them up and running. Have joined right back Ryan Fredericks from West Ham and Joe Rothwell from Blackburn. Both are injured at the moment. And if we will get a look at Senezi, arriving from Feyenoord, made his Argentina debut in the summer. If you throw him in it, straight away. Exactly. If Villa hadn't kept a clean sheet last week, Bournemouth hadn't kept a clean sheet against Villa maybe. They did keep Villa at bay, the one earlier today, of course, against Everton. Walker. See, now I'm the opposite of that. Just because someone's had a positive result and had a clean sheet, I'd still be picking my team for the next challenge, not necessarily out of reward for how well you performed. I think he genuinely thinks this is his best start in XI. Obviously, all the work he'd have done in a week is undone by three players not available. So, late on in the week as well. Well, the three centre-backs have kept Harlan quiet for now. Patience isn't in terms of Harlan, but I'd probably say to him, listen, just stay up there. Just keep threading on the shoulders. We'll get the ball to you. The fascinating insight, Wayne Rooney was talking about how at times he found it frustrating playing number nine for Manchester United, because he wanted to go hunting for the ball. Here's a chance now. Good one! Breakthrough for Manchester City! And the man who inspired their title win here on final day a few months ago is Ati De Gennady Etihad. Bournemouth undone, Harlan involved, City lead the game. Harlan's getting all the congratulations in terms of coming short into that ten area, but it's a trigger there for Gundogan to run in behind. Look at him just on the swivel there, one-two round the corner, that physicality to hold up the centre-half and to play that ball into the path of Gundogan. Now you look at the composure and we see an abundance. How many times have we seen it from this man? What a goal! Ilkay Gunurhan, two goals against Villa. They secured City that fourth title in five seasons. And in the first game back since, he tucks it away. And that is the breakthrough for the champions through their captain. The one thing people have claimed to with Harlan is maybe his touch isn't good. I've seen him for two and a half years in Germany and that touch has got so much better and was excellent. There you go. You're quite right. A lot of people have seen him playing in Germany and would have seen that the touch would have been heavy, but he uses his physicality to bump players out of the way. Speaking of which, he nearly did that for a goal. Travis Gathers, when you have that type of strength, you can do that. You can chase off the touches that are a little bit heavy. But look at it here, the quality. This is a point that Damien Delaney was making in the pre-match. As a defence, you're going to have to stay deep against him. Look how deep that ball of defence is. Yet he still manages to get the ball from deep over the top and gets on the end of it. He should really be finishing that. Interesting him looking for that contact from Kelly. He's trying to get that contact. I think it's so unnerving in terms of having to play against Harlan in terms of how quickly he moves over the space for such a big man. Dundalan, what do you find Spoden? Would it be tricky to play against Gary, you think? I'm going to be honest, I think he's going to struggle against him, bearing in mind the team around him, the type of ball he'll get in, the quality that he'll receive, and the abundance of chances that he'll have. So he'll never go long without having an opportunity. And we've seen the finishing quality. Harlan's going to be high numbers this year. Two goals, one assist already, and I don't think he's had 90 minutes of Premier League football yet. On by Tavenier. Bournemouth look for their own sucker punch in towards Kiefer Moore, good header. Snapshot is held by Edison and Ben Pearson in just his career second Premier League appearance nearly beats City's goalkeeper. That ball in the box. How strong Moore is in terms of just competing for that. I think you can see that they expected to win his fair share of those balls in the air because they were surrounding him for any knockdowns, any second balls, and just connection wasn't powerful enough to trouble the keeper. Pearson a former Manchester United youth player, how he got to school here. Praised by Scott Parker and his teammates for his performance in midfield. The city's dominant on the ball. Half-tented. Morris. Soft Stacey. Midfield get narrowed up because you have to protect that area in around the 10 area and as a result, then the quick switch for play creates those one-to-one situations. Morris can go either way, left or right, so it's difficult in terms of how you engage him. Menacing from corners so far. Okay, nods it on. There was a foul in there on Christie with a pair. And now it's time for the water break at the midway point in the first half and I think the rhythm of the game, Gary Breen, is as we expected. Absolutely. What sort of possession stats there? They were going to be around the 80 mark and they have been. 1-0, 22 minutes gone. You have to say that Bournemouth have looked well coached. Distances are right, but it's just the quality that City have. They're going to find gaps in it. But it's an opportunity in the drinks break just to allow him to resettle them because the worry certainly as a away team coming to the Etihad is that that one goal quickly becomes the second one and the game is completely over then. Then it becomes a very long afternoon. 31 degrees Celsius in Manchester today. A reminder of how City carved out the only goal of the game so far. That's brilliant play. You think about that goal West Ham, it's Gundawan getting their 10 area on a tight area. Turn, swivelling, just sliding the ball down the side for the penalty. Talked about the corner and his creativity. Gundawan there as well, he's such a friend. With those two guys playing in those advanced number eight positions, so difficult for the opposition. Gundawan's 50th goal as well for Manchester City. He's actually started coaching in the City youth set up and will be a future manager, says Pep Guardiola, working with some of the youth players at the football club. He talks so growingly about it, doesn't he, Tony? Such a key component of what he's tried to have done since he arrived into the club. Just seems to go about his business, doesn't he? Brilliant player, really is in terms of no farce, no histrionics, just gets on with his job and does his job so well. Just two former Borussia Dortmund boys have linked up for the opening goal here. Has produced a couple of saves so far. A few more where we say at this stage. Fashionable as it is, a bit warm for the cardigan, Gary. You're right. I don't think there's many of us in the stadium today wearing a cardigan. A whole week of questions got passed in terms of he's a very fashion-conscious man. Back on the way after the two and a half minute break and shut down by Mahrez. City last lost in the Premier League. February 23rd at the hands of Spurs here. Harry Kane lost to Truss that day. They've only lost one of their last 29 games in the Premier League, in fact. And the Charseas are with nine wins in their final 12. By Walker. Ake. Kox into Cancelo. Bournemouth have also been on something of a tear in truth since the end of January. But they've only lost two games since January 29th. Fine ends of the season. We're two seasons away. Boden to Cancelo. Walker. Boden. Mahrez. Clever. And we all know that Rodri in that kind of area can pick out the top corner. He's done brilliantly. I swear. That's good golf. Exodus of first team players, including Sterling and team champions. Four youth players on the bench. And he will get there. Excellent play by Bournemouth as they break. They didn't panic. Quite measured in where they saw the options were. They know that that ball into Moore is always a good one for them in terms of his physicality. Just allows it to run across in bumps. And it's a low ball into the box. It's like I said, Ninswinger right in Sothebanks and here now. That glass pace has to be on the delivery. One goal conceded from set pieces in the Premier League last season so see the best record in the league. Almost two goals against Villa the other day came from set pieces. Nothing comes to this one as it goes back to Travance. Early phase of play there, the ball up to Harland in the box. Lerma is a centre midfielder by Trey Johnson to the back of him. He wasn't such a big strong man, he could easily have gone down there and would have given the referee a decision to make on whether or not that was a penalty. Smith. Moore tries to take it on first time. Vital toe from Diaz. Lerma good winning in the header. City turn in open, here they go again. De Bruyne. Boden and Harland with him. De Bruyne, oh brilliance, absolutely brilliance. Kevin De Bruyne with his first goal of the season. Outside of the boots, out of this world. Kevin De Bruyne at 2-0 City. What a goal. Is there a better ball carrying player in the Premier League than him from deep? It's absolutely sensational. Look at the body swerve here as he attacks. Throws a big dummy to his right. It just opens up that space. But you're thinking has he got the ball out to his left foot to take the strike? He doesn't need to. He's an outside right finish. The goalkeeper has absolutely no chance. What a goal. Travis couldn't get down in time. De Bruyne used the movement of Harland and bowed him off him. Got him that little bit of space and that is wonderful. We've gone with the shimmy ourselves, haven't we? We've gone to the right, trying to cover it. Look at Guardiola's reaction. They're laughing with Kyle Walker, but there's nothing to laugh about. That is football of the highest quality. What a player. The club's top scorer in the Premier League last season with 15 is up and running this season. Last time Scott Parker came here his full-on side lost 2-0 and that is the scorer here. Good touch. Sitting below us. Paul McVinnie back there. Christie tries to slip in Tavernier. A little instance of Tavernier that Dornanfield will be looking for in terms of the ball carrying ability he has from Deeds as well and the energy he has. But it's so difficult to complete passes against his Manchester City team. I'm not saying that Guardiola is no one to reinvent football, but what he's done in his time in the Premier League is up. He's got Virg and Wenger, Mourinho all done. They're just pioneers in terms of how to gain the ball's prop as well. It's an absolute pleasure to watch his Manchester City team. Moden, the sister of De Grona goal. Real cut. So the run of Mares. Cut out by Lloyd Kelly, the captain. The jubilation when the victory against Arsenal and Forrest last season secured a return to the Premier League and they knew there would be days like this. Scott Parker and those Bournemouth supporters. The truth, they've had arguably their toughest fixture of the season in the second match week of the campaign. That's not been timed to be a fixture as such. That's why it's so important that first win of the season. Obviously, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool and Wales as well, they are tough fixtures. And certainly in the Premier League as a promoted team, you want to get points on the board early. You don't want to be playing catch up difficult enough to survive in this league. Down by Moore. One of the few players actually in the squad who's risen from non-league to the Premier League. Pop worked very hard to sign him in the winter. That's a ball over the top for Haaland again, but left him and Travers shut it down. The journey has been wonderful for Bournemouth. That's six seasons in the second division for the Premier League. That's incredible. And how leaving Arsenal in a renegation in 2020. Walter. Bobby Brady at the club as well last season and Todd Campbell, a long loan from Norwich. Still to do plenty of business before the defensive window shuts. Forrester because even though he's signed Zaynade, he needs to rebuild his squad in top. Tom Ike, Neffa, Smith. Tavernair. Hitted by a number of clubs, Marcus Tavernair. Impressive season with Middlesbrough. David James, of course, captain of Rangers. Leopold. Here's the footed and Christy will get there after the mistake from Diaz, down by Ake. Will City deal with it for a moment? Smith. It's Cook. A bit of encouragement for Bournemouth here. I think you need it in long spells without the ball. You need to be just trying to summon the football in City's defensive third. Couldn't have any ball in there. It caused Diaz problems initially down well to cut out a cross but couldn't get up off the ground quick enough. Christy behind Stacey. Morris can open up a pitch now and he does. Tavernair. Has the runners this time. Three-nil. Phil Foden does get his goal. Another swift attack. So familiar from those in sky blue of Manchester City. And Phil Foden has his first of the campaign. His first of many, you would think in terms of how well he's been attacking that box. You quite rightly said, Rob, in terms of Morris, the numbers he was getting last year, the goals. Foden as well. It does put pressure on the likes of Grealish in those wide areas. You have to try and get those type of stats. But look how hard he works and the timing and the run and the release of the pass. There's numbers back there for Bournemouth. Such is the quality of that final ball. The nutmeg pass initially where you're thinking you've blocked the pass. It's through your legs. And Foden just finishes it comfortably. Tucked away by the England international. More brilliance from the runner. Majestic from Manchester City. Bournemouth have been blown away. Stirling and Chasey scored a lot of goals last season. There's a young bit of a deficit in the City team. Let's see if Foden, Alvarez, Haaland can make up that deficit. Looks likely. That four, sports number nine system, those goals were straight out around that second line of attack, weren't they? But I think the focus will be now really to get Haaland to take the majority of the goals but nevertheless when you have the quality of these City players in these wide areas and being served by the likes of De Boerner, they're still going to get their fair share. Keifer Moore on the whole has done a pretty good job of leading that Bournemouth line and linking the play. Just can't get out properly and even when they did for that brief period, City punished them. I don't think any of those Bournemouth players have looked out of place. Disciplined performance in but touches the quality. Even if you get numbers in and around them, they're able to get their passes off through legs and strikes when you don't think it's available to them. The level we're seeing from these top two teams in the Premier League now is, I'm not quite sure we've seen it before, you think about the iconic Premier League teams, be it a double-winning Arsenal team or United's treble-winning team, Chelsea under Mourinho initially. And if you're picking an all-time Premier League team, a lot of those players would feature in it ahead of maybe these Manchester City players. But what they're doing as a collective under this manager is absolutely staggering. Great running from Tavernier, he's got away from Foden and momentarily from Rodri. It's really good work. It is that type of ability that would be needed throughout the course of the season for Bournemouth in terms of if they're going to play a back five that's relatively deep, they'll need someone like that to get the ball deep and get them up the field. Bournemouth have never beaten Manchester City. Played 17 and lost 15. As I mentioned earlier, that record in the Premier League is 10 defeats from 10. Nasty-looking injury here for Gundogan who's down. He's left ankle. Don't know if that's a contact injury. You hold it in as opposed to catching his studs in the ground and going over on his ankle ligaments. That looks a painful one, certainly. This would be a real concern, bearing in mind how impressive he's been at the beginning of this season. Yeah, that's a contact one. It should get the blood back into that soon enough. Saw one, nevertheless. Christy thought he could get there. Couldn't quite. No centre midfielder on the bench. Conventional centre midfielder anyway. More Manchester City today of a senior squad member anyway. Even Cole Palmer, the youth player who came on last week, with three goals last season and 11 appearances, misses out through injury. Jack Grealish at the moment is warming up. Huge debate around this man at the moment, isn't it? It's Anto. Pep Guardiola. You never feel that anyone is guaranteed to play in a City team. Missing that tackle again. Doesn't look particularly good when the studs are showing like that. I wonder whether or not anyone's talking about a review here. The very fact that we're looking at the assistant referee now. Grealish started against West Ham. As David James was talking about earlier in the show, was involved in the build-up for the second City goal. He's talking through the game now. Can you imagine in about three or four months' time when they get used to playing with each other? Just how dynamic that combination is going to be. De Bruyne tweeted after the game, Premier League, welcome to Erling Haaland. That was the Norwegians' impactful debut. They can get that understanding right. And it was something picked out in the community here, wasn't it? That Haaland was making those runs and City weren't quite finding him. They didn't know quite what he was going to do. Because that forced nine system is about switching to play, disorientating the opposition in terms of how quickly you can do it, overloading areas. And to do that, you don't really look at the focal point of your attack. And it was noticeable that he was making those runs, but they just weren't even seeing it. Players of this quality, because they're so unused to making those passes, go forward one week and at West Ham they're forcing those type of passes a bit too much. So they're going to get the balance right. And when they do, we're going to have some big scoring games for City. Drag is up. Amazing when you think about the recruitment, you're getting him in and people start to say, well, listen, it didn't work for Slatan under Pepert at Barcelona in terms of that big robust number nine. Then there was referencing the fact that when he won the league at Bayern Munich in that first season, his team scored 94 goals. Then the second season, then they buy in Lewandowski as a top goalscorer in the league. And for those next couple of seasons, they're only scoring 80 goals. So when they got a center four, you expect it to really add to the league. But how can you add to the numbers that City get anyway? 99 goals in the Premier League last season. In by Mahrez. Gunnarjan down. In by Mahrez. Gunnarjan down. And he's looted over Travers and I think that's a touch for a corner kick. Staggering, it really is in terms of how quickly he goes through the gears. There's real no space there and yet the ball's dropped in. The goalkeeper can't come for it because the distance is not there, but he's still able to run away from centre-half who are in a start in deep position anyway. Four additional minutes, two and a half those at least from the water break. In by Foden. Mahrez. Cluster of players in blue trying to time that run to the back post, but it's switched out to de Broglie. Oh, look at that ball. Nearly finds Ruben Diaz. It's tough work for the centre-back Sal there. Tavernier. Checked in now for Scott Parker you'd imagine would be to avoid an absolute thumping in just their second game back in the Premier League. Might do over that in terms of the task ahead added an impact on the fact that Solanke not to risk his injury in terms of playing in the fact that Billings on the bench as well. Premier League survival that being disrespectful is not going to be attained on what they get against Manchester City away. Walker. Cancelo. Foden. Haaland nearly makes it. Wonderful ball in and Haaland did make the run this time. In a relatively good position, you can see Haaland and you're thinking, listen, he's not going to be getting that space with narrowed up as the wide centre-half come to the central one and yet he still does get through there. When Erling Haaland last played here in a Borussia Dortmund shirt, Phil Foden was famously seen whispering in his ear as the pair marched off the pitch. Conspiracy theories that he was plotted to try and persuade Erling to come here. I don't think he needed much persuading in truth. Haaland's career has been well orchestrated, hasn't it? In terms of his advice, his family, really good decisions in terms of where he would go. Salzburg, then Dortmund. And this is a step up. He is at the top table now in terms of the pressure. He just seems to thrive on it, doesn't he? Just seems such a level-headed young man. Walker. Diaz. Pogba. In the heat, City happy to play keep ball. Di Torino. Mahrez. Nearly did it. Show of faith in Mahrez again, contract extension for him also. Bear in mind we talked about Silva potentially leaving, Sterling has. He's not going to expect any drop off in terms of quality. He probably won't expect his team to be tearing around the place. They'll control the ball like they do anyway. So I just think it's going to be a long second half of Bournemouth, I really do. Only had a couple of pre-season friendlies, including a win over Bayern prior to the game against Liverpool in Leicester in the Community Shield. So City have had their major pre-season campaign of seven, eight friendlies. Yeah, nice. Quite noticeable, isn't it? A couple of occasions over the last two or three seasons, City come into the beginning of the season slightly undercooked. We probably were thinking that with the defeat to Liverpool. I think Liverpool are a totally different proposition in terms of how they can hurt City. I don't think many teams in the Premier League will be able to. British first touches since coming on for Phil Hoden. Hoden like to Bruno with a goal and assist today. Rodri. Cancelo wearing the number seven shirt worn by Raheem Sterling, previously switched to that number this season. Perhaps unconventional for a full-back, but he is an unconventional full-back. He's brilliant in terms of what he does, stepping into that central midfield role and the quality he has there. That's ridiculous to suggest there's a weakness in his game, but certainly in that Shield game against Liverpool, when City try to play out against him as a right footer and left back, it looked a little bit uncomfortable. Listen, we know he could go down the outside and show his quality, but a natural left footer out of this really creates whip for the City team against the very best teams. Well, it does seem to be the main thing City fans are calling for in terms of if they're going to do anything else to the window is a left back. Shifted out to Christy here. Sergio Gomez arriving from Anderlecht. Surely the left back immediately thought that he was going to be loaned out, but it appeared from what Guardiola was saying in his press conference that he will be competing in the first team squad upon arrival. That left back position has been the one that they haven't really solved, if they think of Guardiola. Danilo playing out there, Mendy didn't look particularly comfortable there. Delph at times as well. Sienchenko is a central midfielder by trade playing more often than not there, but like we just said, the remit of a full-back in a Manchester City, or certainly sorry, in a tech Guardiola team is probably how good are you in central midfield. Can Salo. OK, heavily linked with the return to Bournemouth club Chelsea in the summer transfer window, but surely only a certain number that City can let out the door. They had a reduced buyback clause from Bournemouth initially letting him go, so they didn't activate it then. So it was surprising when he was linked in so soon after joining City. I suppose needs must in terms of the fact they lost two key centre-halves in the summer window. Absolutely. Chelsea play Tottenham Hotspur tomorrow. Liverpool play Palace on Monday. Di Bruyne. Mbappe. Can Salo. We're looking at who can possibly challenge City in Liverpool this season. It's probably Tottenham and the one that stands out the most. So it'll be fascinating to see who comes out on top in that London derby tomorrow. Antonio Conte. That's too cool. Can Salo. Oh, great weight on the ball and there's Haaland. Travers improvises and does deal with it. Brilliant goalkeeping. He doesn't look particularly clean in terms of clearing it, but he's starting positions excellent. Just to close that space. If you think about a penalty to Haaland 1, it's because the goalkeeper was slow off his line for that ball just in behind the centre-halves. Not this time, Travers. Excellent goalkeeping. Walker. Di Bruyne. Shot down by 22-year-old Lloyd Kelly. Said he had the respect of very experienced player in Gary Cahill alongside him, even though Kelly was captain of the club. It's a good thing to have as a young centre-half. In terms of learning your craft, you've got to learn by yourself at times on the pitch, but having that senior centre-half alongside you, the learning curve can be a lot steeper. I was fortunate as a young player having Steve Groose alongside me when he left Manchester United. It's great to have someone like him. And obviously, Paul McGraw as well for the Ireland team. Has there been a better centre-half? Certainly not in my eyes. It's not a bad pair, Gary, is it? So, Grealish now taking up that Bowdoin position on the left-hand side. Mephlin. Ake. Kept in by Tavenier. Lerman. Travers. Shut down by Walker. Bournemouth get away with that. Scott Parker has bemoaned the lack of signings. Clearly had a number of departures in the summer. Lowney's gone. Players' contracts expired. Gone. We've seen it from all three priority teams, haven't we? That desire and at Fulham in particular, that frustration as well from Marco Silva. The need to get players in the door for the Premier League. Interesting to see Seneci as a centre-half, how he copes in the Premier League. Obviously, he impressed a lot of people in the area of Divisi with Feyenoord. An Argentinian international as well at 25 years of age. Scott Parker said he's an aggressive South American front foot defender. I think at times that's not easy to do in the Premier League. Brelish. Flag stays down. Looked outside on first viewing and indeed the flag does go up against him. A lot of the pathway for these Manchester City players really showed their true quality in that second season, didn't they? Having worked underneath Pep. I think it's so niche in terms of these tactics, it takes a lot of time to adjust. You're just hoping now that Brelish really shows his quality now in his second season. It's difficult to be critical bearing in mind he's a Premier League winner in his first season. You just feel he's a player of such ability that you really want to influence. You said the stats there. The assist, the goal scoring, they have to be higher. To that speed. To play for Manchester City, wide areas, as simple as that. Likewise with Liverpool, you're dealing with Elisa Mahon, Salah. The numbers that these guys are getting. Mahrez, who took his time, didn't he, as you mentioned, Gary, to get settled into Pep's way. Pearson, shuffled on to Christie. And now Staysen, wants to get on to his right foot. Moore, Tavanier, good football from Bournemouth. He's getting away and going a little bit in by Smith, but that should be simple for Edison. He's goalkeeping. Tips the ball up early. Knows really he's not going to be challenged by Moore. Needs a better delivery when you do get into those wide areas. Bearing in mind what a big man he is to attack the ballkeeper Moore at the point of this attack. We talk about how hard it is in these conditions for the Bournemouth players. A couple of occasions now, that ball's been in a foot race for Kyle Walker. He's expecting to go for the burners. He hasn't quite got there, so. Turned on in the season, probably not up to 100% of their physical capabilities just yet. Well done. To Gondwan, lovely touch to Brunner out of nowhere. City in. And side netting. Travis, I think, got a hand to that really good goalkeeping to deny City a fourth. Brilliant play. Just slow build up and then the injection is there straight away with a quality little layoff. I think Travis has read that situation quite well. He's recognised that Harlan's probably not there for the slide across the six yard box. So can really protect his near post. Good goalkeeping. Remember Harlan touching it in the second half yet. In by Tabruna. Out by Kelley. Gondwan has had an excellent game. Needs half a yard. Finds Ake. And Kevin Tabruna's delivery is causing problems again. Main focus, of course, is going to be Harlan. In terms of the biggest story for his home debut in the Premier League. And there's no goals as such, but you can't ignore the work and the quality of the work that he is actually doing in terms of his runs, checking, really keeping those centre isles honest. Always threatening him behind, making that defensive unit drop a little bit to create that space in that second line of attack for City. Bueno. The only pre-pep player on the books at City these days after Fernandinho's departure. Clever to the edge of the box. Hit by Mahrez. Quite similar routines of that in the first half City. Christy. Brilliant play. Out put work in the Scotland international who is signed from Celtic. Grealish. Outback by Nepom and it's the second Bournemouth caution of the day. This one's Chris Nepom. We're topping up the fouls on Grealish. Familiar sight, isn't it? Just see about his physicality there, Grealish. He just had that strength in that left arm. So just push him away initially and as a defender, try and get in your way a little bit there. You've been bumped off. You want to be snapping back at the tackle, but he's a little bit too eager there. Good work. Grealish. Grealish. Grealish. Grealish. Grealish. Grealish. Grealish. Grealish. Good one with the eyes. I think he was telling De Bruyne to go to Grealish out on the left, but... Mores is the one taking, in fact. Ake back post. Brilliant header. Away by Lerma. No foul by Rodri. Didn't look a foul. Grealish. He was held back there, Jack Grealish. Pretty good tactic against him, though. He looked like a......rab of his left arm. His shirt there, just to pull him back initially. Cancelo with a challenge. Mepham goes down. Grealish. De Bruyne! This one he blazes over in search of a second. See the annoyance he has with himself. It just opens up in front of him here. Always looking over his shoulder, just assessing whether or not he's going to have space and time to have that first touch to settle himself. Then he's surprised that he doesn't work the goalkeeper. Julian Alvarez. New Argentina international striker signed from River Plate. Has already scored for the club, as he did in a community shoot against Liverpool. Seems like the kind of scenario in which you'd want to bring him on. So much good work done and industry from these City players. Good one there. He just never seems strident anywhere. But the ball's knocked up. He's there to pick up the second ball deep to midfield. And very often when they go up the pitch, I know they're quite methodical in their build-up. Give you the opportunity to take your time getting up there. But nevertheless, he's always up there. Here's Cancelo, one of six players from Manchester City on the long list for the Ballon d'Or. Cancelo passed Parry and Benzema for the accolade. But Foden, De Bruyne, Cancelo, Haaland, Máris and Bernardo Silva all on the list. Champions League medal in your pocket seems to be the deciding factor. Yeah. This would be the big debate in terms of Haaland. He's not the game changer that people like to see. That's Van Dijk, Alisson, who had 20 points to a team. He can't physically do that. But can he be the difference? You said, will he be the difference in that key moment in Champions League games? Don't let's not forget, City scored five goals in that semi-final defeat to Real Madrid. Five goals over two legs should be enough to go through. Máris, Gündoğan, clips it! And then he clips it inside the post. He had that goal threat really in Emil Kaikoune, who won a couple of seasons back. But he started in menacing fashion here. It's the trust all those teammates have. They just find that space, that their teammate will get them the ball. On by Diaz. Kirk, Brilis, tries to find Haaland. Brilliant ball. And the recovery work from Kelly looked good. Haaland's appealing for a penalty. Yeah, you get the benefit of three centre-halves there. That third one in the outside can come. It looks like Haaland was going to bump initially Lerma away from the ball, get his strike. But that third centre-half just comes around on the cover. Does excellent. And then he's got a chance to get a free-kick. Just comes around on the cover, does excellent. Brilliant. Walker. A shot from range which tests Travers. Had a bit of a swerve on it. But the Bournemouth keeper is racking up the saves here against another. Gamilia Saito, Priyad Maris cutting in. What a ball on the money. Giaconcello. Brilis wants. Just lose this fight, that in the sun. Looks like it falls on the city supporters as it hits his arm. And then he's got a chance to get a free-kick. Rogeri. Great play from Walker. Haaland nearly gets there. Giaconcello curls, blocked by Smith. And now Kiefer Moore. And he's caught by Rogeri. And Bournemouth. He'll have a bit of a breather. I always worry about a central midfielder by a trade. Jefferson Lerma playing in the back, lying in the Premier League. But Haaland has done brilliantly on a few occasions. Just getting that bright little touch. Haaland's up early, he's picked the fly out of the ball. He's probably thinking, I'm going to get a free-header here. Lerma just clears the danger. And that's Varsity, Bernardo Silva. And Stones as well. Probably important to try and get minutes early on into these players. If you get the opportunity to do so, the result's not at risk. Although how much of a risk is it when you're bringing these guys on? Absolutely. Yeah, Bernardo Silva. Spore of 13 goals and 50 appearances for City last season. Seven assists to his first goal. And he's got a chance to get a free-kick. 13 goals and 50 appearances for City last season. Seven assists as well. Ryan Christie's making way here. And going to get some minutes. The junior, Stanislas, who's had his injury problems at Bournemouth. But has Premier League experience. And Philip Billing. Ten goals, ten assists from midfield in the Championship last season. Comes on for Lewis Cook. So a change in central midfield. And a change on the wings. D'Az for Stones, right to like. Stones' first minutes of the Premier League season. They know his quality here. He's had a quiet day in Troubaud-Diaz. And Gundewijn has been pivotal. Got the opening goal. His link-up play's been outstanding. It's off for Bernardo Silva. Gundewijn's just one of those players that you just proudly play for your club. In terms of how he conducts himself, the quality on the pitch. Leads by example. Certainly did that this afternoon. That's the captain's old man this season after Fernandinho's departure. Bernardo Silva. Still potentially could be a Barcelona player by the end of the window. Pep Guardiola won't rule that out. The player he said was uncharacterable last season. Just shows you. Pep just says, listen. If the player wants to be somewhere else, I'm fine. We respect that. They go with our best wishes. But when you think about Silva in terms of quality, what sums him up more than anything is the reaction last season to Brielish coming into the building for £100 million. And the level that he went up from an incredibly high level to another level again, Bernardo Silva. As if to say, there's a challenge. Mares. Cancelo. Cancelo. Cancelo again. Oh, he's kept him. Brilliant play. So good when he comes in the inside with his right foot. He's had every pass and lock in and that incredible outside right pass last season. And a brilliant reception for Bernardo Silva as he goes over to take this corner. City fans trying to feel for the compelling case to him to stay. In by Bernardo Silva. Towards Haaland. OK. It's not a wasted exercise by any means for Bournemouth. City haven't exactly had a raft of clear-cut chances in the second half. Seems a contradiction in terms of the fact that being out there against Manchester City, you know, why do you want to put yourself through it? But ultimately, that's how, that's why you work so hard in a championship season to get to play against these players on this stage, against this manager. Bernardo Silva's been on the pitch a few seconds and already Pep Guardiola spotted something. It is hot. Any method will do. In the sunshine. By the way, the Etihad Stadium having a little bit of a revamp this season. It's certainly going to watch some of the best on the pitch. Just quickly remind you of the goals here. Gundogan, 18 minutes on the clock. De Bruyne just past the half hour. Wonderful, wonderful goal. Then Phil Foden who came off at half time. Who made that one was then returned the favour by De Bruyne. Quick water break for the players. They've revamped the concourses at the Etihad Stadium, Gary Breen, and added a DJ booth to the south stand. Did you ever have that at Coventry or Sunderland? No, I don't think we did. No. I don't think we did. No. I don't think we did. No. I don't think we did. Premier League is rock and roll these days. Absolutely. This is a stadium that has changed and expanded over the years. The winnings become a familiar sight. There's Matt Wells, by the way. He's been a long-time partner in crime of Scott Parker. He worked with him in the youth teams at Spurs and went with him to Fulham as well. When he joined the coaching staff there and when Parker was interim manager of Fulham before getting the job, Wells was also his assistant there. So I'm surprised he's partnered with Sethopper Bournemouth. There's the run of Grealish. Bit of discomfort. Really good run, similar to the one at Foden. Got his goal from deep central. That floated ball in, though, has to go right into the air to kind of pull it out of the air. I wonder if he's landed awkwardly here, Grealish. You'll see it now. Yeah, he does. That's a real concern. As he plants that foot, the studs get stuck in the turf. And then when that happens with the physicality of Grealish or the weight's going through areas you don't want it to go. And he's holding that right ankle now. The squad is small. Owen was talking about this pre-match. It's not a huge squad that Klukwadio and the Harris have generated all this money, as Damian was talking about. They're selling so many of their players. It's an injury to Jack Grealish. He knows straight away. He's got to be able to get back to the game. Good, yeah. Flags it, doesn't he? In those situations, you just hope it's like a stinger where the pain comes really quick, but you get that feeling back quick enough again. It seems like he's moving the ankle okay. Pressing in and around that inside ligament of that ankle and wincing as the physio's doing it. We'll see it here now. As he just lands in, it just gaps underneath him. It's a real concern. Gary O'Neill is just a part of the coaching staff there at Bournemouth, former Portsmouth player, Premier League player. I wonder if it was just the initial shock there for Grealish to the feeling that he's back to his feet, but Alvarez will be hoping to come on. He's not long on a pitch, Grealish, but you wouldn't want to take any chances this early on this game. One, perhaps just get him in, reassess it there, find a way to do any more damage. He's a season ahead, isn't it? Yeah, absolutely. As flexible as these City players are, that's as many of his first team available as possible at the moment. Rogeri. Taborne. It's actually the points totals that City and Liverpool have been hitting over the last few seasons. Gone are the days when Ferguson used to talk about Manchester United and now we're in February, now we really show our quality. You drop any points early on in the season, you feel that it could really harm any chances it would want. And adding to that, then, the fact that it's so condensed leading up to the World Cup in the winter, no surprise that all these teams are playing their strongest teams to begin with. The case was put forward that it was already damaging for Liverpool to drop two points to Fulham last weekend. We're in the second half, but maybe that won't hurt things. There's been so much hype, so much talk about Erling Haaland in the past few days. Rogeri. Pearson. Villan. Sportsman out, ball available to Bournemouth. Taborne. Grealish, back on the pitch. Haaland! First real sight of girlfriend properly in the second half. He's looking for a better connection. That should have been a goal. I think he's all right. Look over to the bench now, whether or not he's going to continue this game. They're trying to get him to full fitness, but it's a lovely movement to check away from the centre half initially. And Grealish and him have that kind of understanding. But a contact on his heel as opposed to his side foot, and the chance goes a-begging. He did get his first half assist, but he was desperate to score on his home debut for Manchester City. And Erling Haaland exits the stage. And it is a home debut for the other new striker for the Etihad, Julian Alvarez. They've got high hopes for this young man as well, haven't they? That's a bit dejected there, but his team are three up. His goal rate in Germany was basically a goal again, 29 in 30 last season, Erling Haaland. He's got a hat-trick on his Bundesliga debut. Two on his Premier League debut. And his Champions League record is similar to a goal again. Grealish on. Pearson call. Now Stanislas. Edisons barely had anything to do. First half save to Deni, then Pearson from distance. You know, he got 20 clean sheets last season, and he's headed for two already. Alvarez chasing it down. Siphon River Plate in Argentina finish very strongly there. He was actually signed in the winter transfer window, back alone, and scored 13 in 13 prior to moving to City. And Salah. We have a sight of someone thumping into Jack Grealish. It's Smith this time. A few minutes earlier, frustrations there. You want the physical contact as a defender, but at times because they move the ball so quickly, you can't do it. Unapologetic. OK. Bernardo Silva. Grealish. Roger E. Grealish again. No fouls, says David Kuta, Manchurian free. Tavanier, Keefer Moore. Bernardo Silva out to Grealish. Yuletap. Rob Drake. Moore. Grealish. Mares. Mares! I think Travis gets a toe to that as well. Brilliant play by Mares. You overcompensate because you don't want him to cut inside on his stronger left foot. Then he goes down the outside of the right. And he's going to be a little bit more aggressive. Grealish. Cancelo. Just get the angle and in it goes. May have come off a ball in the player, Bernardo Silva was in at the near post. Either way, Manchester City have a fourth. Bournemouth so defensively solid in the second half. But a way through has been found. Manchester City four, Bournemouth nil. Cancelo in that wide position again. That ability to come inside and make passes. Links up with Grealish. Lovely little floaty one. The control there is brilliant to take it out of the air. But that touch there to create the space for the cross and then committing the defender. Bournemouth got seven defenders in the box there to deal with it. Still can't cope with it in terms of how quickly they move the ball and how fatigued they probably really are at this situation as well. Yeah, Lerma doesn't even move his studs, does he? Ricochets off his heel and past Travers who can't do anything about it. City find a way through in this second half, albeit with a touch of fortune. Well, it is an opportunity here for Bournemouth's new signing. Marcus Sade, City Argentina international, made his debut in the summer and was signed this week from Feyenoord. And he replaces Marcus Tabadier, centre-back for Winger. And I think it will mean that Jefferson Lerma, who scored that own goal, will now shift into his more familiar and more suited central midfield role. You're coming to a new league. When you're sitting on the bench watching this game unfolding, you're thinking, well, the standard is a huge leap. We're talking about a championship for Premier League. But the area of division is way below the level of Premier League. With the greatest respect, we've seen our world, the likes of IAX, TSV, can compete at times, in Europe especially. But this is week in week out. You are challenged. You said four now, didn't you? I did, but I'm not overconfident. I said 12 minutes ago that it would remain that sport. We beat Leeds United 7-0 here last season, sitting in the Premier League. During that sport, Marcelo Bielsa's team were just unbelievably open. In terms of how they're defensively set up, and how hard and how diligent Bournemouth have been, they're nowhere near them levels. And that 7-0 thrashing against Leeds, we've had a totally different way of playing football in the Premier League. We're going to be exposed by the very best teams. It'll be easy for Tarpy, even on a 4-0, to say to his team, listen, you gave us good shit. We're not going to come across a team as good as City every week. So a chance for Stanislas. A furious key for Moore, just looking for a little slide rule pass. The defenders have come out to Stanislas to close down the initial strike. The pass is on for Moore. Just a little one down the side of Stones, which was a seam of a strike to that right-hand side. Well, City have one sub break and one sub left to use. And they will turn to the bench here. So important, not only as a defender, but cutting in from right back. Rico Lewis from the Academy joined the club at the age of eight. Just 17 comes on here. What a story that is. Manchester-born, City through and through. Can you imagine how proud his family are and friends watching this now? So it is a well-deserved win for Leeds. And it's a win for Leeds. How proud his family are and friends watching this now. So it is a Manchester City debut to the England U18 international, I should say. Says he's been looking to Joao Cancelo for inspiration. Says how much a right back can get on the ball these days. Well, look, there he is, popping up in that centre midfield position. It's something that we're kind of familiar with now. It was unique at the time when we saw Philippe Lange doing it for Bayern Munich under Pep Guardiola. And that just seems par for the course. It's amazing how much that role has evolved. We're talking about 30 years of the Premier League. And how positions have evolved so much. Centre halves now, you don't see those big strapped in six-foot-five ones who go and commit and win those initial contact, those headers. It's how good they are stepping into midfield, making passes. How comfortable they are being dragged into wide positions. A full-back now we've seen in their life, getting incredible numbers in terms of creating chances, playing in central midfield. Premier League truly is a brilliant league. Brilliant. City looking for more. Alvarez, and the deflection is taken out behind City goal, and his co-neighbours Kelly, who's had to do a lot of work at centre-back. You can see why Alvarez gets his goals. He aggressively attacks that space, even if it's not particularly big, and clearly had to narrow it up straight away and try and close it. Bournemouth look very wobbly from crosses into the box, callers into the box in that first half. They had the best defensive record in the Championship last season in towards Rodgerian Stones, headed out to Jacques Ancelet. That's the biggest difference, Championship to Premier League, how clinical teams are. You may have four chances to the opposition, in the Championship level, you're not going to be punished, you will be in the Premier League. What a goal. The return from centre-back, Edison nearly to De Bruyne. And they're turning to a 17-year-old here, and in part it is to give him minutes. Do you expect City, it doesn't really feel like something they do, but make moves late in this council window, Gary. Do they need to? I don't know whether they'll react to whoever was to leave the building. There's so much talk, and it's not someone that dies down surrounding Bernardo Silva, that Barcelona link. Whether or not they would let that happen, and then you'd have to react after that. De Bruyne, not going anywhere, into Ake. Cancelo. Just a bamboozle, Smith. Almost a bit delighted they've got that win on the board for that victory against Villa last weekend, because they face Barcelona next, they play Norwich in the Carabao Cup in a midweek game, and before facing Liverpool at Anfield. And we have that game live for you on Premier Sports, on Saturday the 27th of August. Everton Forest, by the way, the fixture next week. A big game that, Bernie Mayer, Frank Lampard, two defeats now as Everton manager. I think the pressure will be ramped up if the Firmovi team beat you. Going towards Rodri, the back post, can't find him, Máris. His crossing's actually been a little bit off today. We talk about professional footballers now at elite level being athletes 12 months of the year in terms of the schedule, but I think what is underestimated is just your timing when you first come back and you start playing again. It's just getting that whether or not it's a goalkeeper can come to crosses, centre-arcs, headers, whatever, and crosses, of course, for wingers, just getting that feel again of having to get the ball and just getting that feel again of the football. Slazy. That didn't go well to shield the ball. Such an example to any of those young players, Bernardo Silva. Yeah, we can admire his quality going forward. He's a little magician, but... It's the intensity that he does work off the ball, how quickly he closes down. You see the example there. It doesn't seem impossible that Barcelona will find another economic lever to pull to... It's incredible, isn't it, like, to sign him. You talk about what's happening with Frankie de Jong in terms of not being able to pay in the money they offset during COVID, and yet they're now spending millions of players that they were up until the deadline whether or not they can actually register them to play. Yeah, we're registering players last night, Barcelona, for the weekend. I don't think Jules Koundé, the new centre-back from Sevilla, was actually registered for this weekend's game. They said he literally got up until two hours before the game. But he signed Ferran Torres from City in the last few months. And here is Bernardo Silva. He said recently that he misses his home country of Portugal a lot. He'd love to go back and play for his former club. Benfica again. At 27... Oh, no. That's a few years off, surely. OK, catches more. Must be gutted. There's a physical trainer himself before he made the breakthrough at this level of football. So no worries with Cramp or anything for him. I suspect, Gary, there won't be anything about the manner of this play that will be a problem for him. I suspect, Gary, there won't be anything about the manner of this performance, the scoreline, that will put doubt in the mind of Scott Parker that switching from 4-3-3 to this new system is the wrong move. I'm not looking at this form of performance and thinking you guys are at your depth. We could see Manchester City be 4-0 up against literally every team in this league, perhaps, bar Liverpool. So it's no surprise. I think he'll look at it and think, happy enough in terms of the distances, the decision-making in terms of when they pressed and when they dropped off, but you have to give it context and talk about just how good this City team are. That's his feet, Kiefer Moore, super-headed goal against Villa the other day. It's a long journey back to the south coast for those Bournemouth supporters. Kiefer Moore will not maintain his goal-per-game ratio that he actually has for Bournemouth, having scored five in five in the league for the club since he joined in the winter. But off he comes, having been kept largely quiet by the likes of Diaz, En-Arkhay and Jamal Lowe. Diaz, En-Arkhay and Jamal Lowe, who was himself a PE teacher just a few years ago. He says his phone will send him reminder photos of where he was a few years ago, and now he finds himself in the Premier League. And it is his debut at this level here. Congratulations to him in terms of perseverance and making your dream happen. The winger is on for three minutes of added time at the Champions. City and Newcastle in eight days' time. This should be an interesting one. And before they face Palace and Forest later on this month, City actually go to the Nou Camp and play a friendly against Barcelona for charity. Interstial uses his players there, given that there's a Saturday match and then a midweek game and then the Champions League. Well played. And the win is for City. Aladdin Smith has been playing with Faya on that right-hand side. It's a two-arm push really, isn't it? As soon as the ball's top round in, and Selo's blowing kisses to him. And it's a bit high, to be perfectly honest. Yeah, lots of clever there, Sodi. Lots of clever. He's done a lot of experience in terms of Bournemouth and being in the Premier League before. Yeah, there was definitely that moment after the British foul where the ref said, you've got one more and he's used it. Jordan. Have there been higher stakes in the game and more fuss made? Seems a bygone era, doesn't it, when a referee says, one more, or the player. Yeah. Cut the opposition in half and say, it's my first one, Brett. Moved on by Lewis on his City debut. Here's Mahrez. Cut out by Smith. A reminder not that we needed it necessarily, Gary, that City are not all about Erling Haaland these days. You've got attacking players here on the short shoot here. You've got to be careful here, Smith. He's getting a little bit too agitated. Contact the referee. He's going to have to have a word just to say, quiet down, it's on the side of his coaching staff as well. You expect Parker to be saying, listen, this game's done. We don't want any suspensions. I don't think anyone felt it was all about Haaland because of the quality of these players. By no stretch of imagination, a supporting act, are they? I know he's the main story coming into it, but these are elite level players. Salahuddin Abdullah has helped deliver four titles in five seasons.