 in the Premier League. And away we go. Grenfords have done Arsenal a favour. But the value of the B's victory will be really felt if the Gunners can get their own win tonight. The Wolves, they'll hope to get off the bottom after they were put there by Forrest beating Christopher Hannis earlier. Yeah, never a nice day when you drop down without kicking a ball, but they've got a chance tonight, Wolves to change their fortunes. New manager in the stands can often have a positive effect. Need five at the back just to try and keep them solid, more solid base. Arsenal side playing with a swagger this season. Here's Saka. Here's Saka again. Here again. Benjamin White. Gabriel Tsinchenko returns to the Premier League side last week against Chelsea. Slug has never been away. Yeah, big bonus for the Gunners that him in the starting 11. Here's Gabriel. It's going to be the game, isn't it? Arsenal having most of the ball. Here's Granit Xhaka. He got a problem already. Feeling very well. It's going to need some treatment here, Granit Xhaka. Down on his harches. It's a bit of concern here for the Swiss. Only a couple of minutes into the game as well. Such an important player for this Arsenal side, this Arsenal system. Yeah, Xhaka's not the sort to be asking for assistance unless he's feeling pretty rough. Started the last 31 Premier League games for Arsenal. This game he didn't start in January and that was because of suspension. One of the first names on the team sheet at the moment. Gives Nicolas Teta a chance to have another team talk. Don't know what he's seen in the first couple of minutes that would make the one in the dressing room any different. Well, if Xhaka can't continue, it's an early shout to say that. Be interesting to see what Arsenal do as far as options because he's a unique player in this Arsenal system, really. Yeah, I mean, Shynchenko could go in there, couldn't he, Kierantini? Come in at left back. And Elneny in the back. And Elneny and Fabio Vieira, the two warming up for the moment for Arsenal. Say warming up. On top of the cheeks from Granit Xhaka. We know he's made of tough stuff. But we're feeling a little unwell. It's hard to shake that off and he's hopefully going to be able to continue here. So a couple of minutes. Check if Xhaka was okay. And we'll return the ball to Arsenal who had held onto possession for the opening exchanges. And yeah, funny enough, that could help Wolves actually because Arsenal, they can blow you away in the first five, ten minutes. If you're not at it, play with such pace. Move that ball so quickly. Gabriel, just spread the play, stretch the play for Arsenal through Martinelli. It's so difficult to find the ball. That's a key area, isn't it? Martinelli up against Samaedo. Couldn't find a teammate through the lines. That's not the best pass from the Ghanaian either. Which queues me up perfectly to say how important he's been for Arsenal at the base of that midfield. We'll talk about players who are irreplaceable. I think Thomas Partey might be the first on the list. Yeah, that central midfield might be something to look at. In January, if they possibly can bring in the necessary quality. Start from Saka, Jakar onto Oerdegaard. And Oerdegaard to Zinchenko. Martinelli. It looks like Wolves haven't touched the ball yet. Martinelli, Jesus, which is a goal! It looks like Wolves haven't touched the ball yet. Martinelli, Jesus with time! Lights up. They had so much time. And was it because he was ahead of the play? Yeah, one of those. I think he would have had half an idea. He's just got to get himself back in an onside position there. Easy to relax when you've got half an idea. The flag will go up. And at the moment, Wolves can't put two passes together. The pass from Zinchenko all the way through to Jose Sarr. Here's Totti. And Arsenal begin their press. Coutinho. Zalogetis. No foul. And it's popped it tipped by Saliba. Jakar. I think that ball was for Martinelli. Now, Traore. In the net. Traore. In the team for this very reason. But dispossessed easily as well. Yeah, plenty of red and white shirts getting around him there. But as you said, Seb, that is what he's in the side for. If he can carry the ball forward, if he can protect it, get support. There's Totti again. Wolves moving to a back three. Or a four in recent games. A club that knows that back three system pretty well. Even if the personnel's changed. Samedo. Black stays down. Yedis. It's out. But Wolves. Great challenge by Gabriel. And now the flag goes up. Yeah, it looked that way, didn't it? I mean, listen. Arsenal defend a high line. And that should be a source of encouragement for the likes of Traore. He wasn't off by a mile, if you ask. Salibi didn't get the ball. Well, the check is complete. They did have a look. They are Mike Dean. As we know, Arsenal dominating possession. He's opening. Seven minutes or so, but Wolves add an opening. There to get him behind the Arsenal defence. This is Saka. And Saka. Checks back. In from Saka. Not a bad ball. Siencienko. And he miscued that. Still could be awkward for Jose Sarr. But taken by the keeper. Well, for Wolves. Who have struggled to score goals this season. Struggled to keep goals out. Had five goals though with Brighton in their last Premier League game. And here's Samedo. Yeah, I mean, they did play poorly against Brighton. That should encourage them a touch. And they beat Leeds United in the League Cup in midweek as well. Own tie against Gillingham shortly after the World Cup. Here's Samedo. Neves. Kings that out to Bueno. We could get it under control with Arteta right on his shoulder. And again, running the game in the side. Here you go, Bueno. Steve Davis giving him his head. Or Saliba. Now Gabriel. Wolves happy to sit off Arsenal for now. Sackett. White to Gabriel. White to Gabriel. Samedo taking his time with a throw in already. Collins. A loose ball across. Played with confidence. They almost came a cropper. Risky to say the least. Totti. Well, Totti read it. Jesus. Always causing problems. And just wouldn't run for him in the end. Totti did enough. Yeah, using his body strength well there to just turn Kilman initially. Arsenal scored in every Premier League game this season. Gabriel gets there before Traore. Adama Traore. Spuvakar Traore. First time he's touched the ball. Bueno. Take on Sackett. Bueno does very well in teams. Gets away from White. And there's Saliba. Calm as July. Yeah, showed a bit of confidence there, didn't he? Happy to take on his man. Take on the responsibility. Feels like ever since he was mentioned in fantasy football, he's got himself in the Wolves' side. Been a very good player for them in recent games. There's Collins. Neves. Excellent ball to Samedo. Paul Mataruz. Getting some joy behind Arsenal. Well, I've had virtually no joy from Set Piece so far this season. Might be thinking, that's got to change sooner or later. Case in point. They've set these goals for Wolves this season. Can they find one here, though? Geddes. Going to get another chance. May have Geddes will go short again. They're in a hurry, Wolves, at the moment. We played 12 minutes. Ubi Pach. Traore waiting. There's the Wolves' corner. Trying to find Moutinho. He was taken on by Martinelli. Bit of a mess of those two. Corner kicks the home sign. Jose Sarr slipped from Saliba, but it ended up being nowhere near him. So Arsenal can get back into their passing rhythm. Here's Partek. Here's Partek. Siencienko linking up with Jesus. No one's in the middle for Arsenal, though. Jesus into Martinelli. Here's Partek. Saliba. White to Saka. White again. Odegaard. Saka. And Saka! Almost caught out. Jose Sarr there. That will be a caller to Arsenal. Yeah. Familiar link-up, that, isn't it, between Odegaard and Makaio Saka. A lovely relationship together. We've seen those two link up before for Arsenal to great effect. And Arsenal, who scored against Chelsea from a set-piece. Xhaka. Gabriel. Lingering, waiting. Gabriel in particular. For the ball across from Saka. That's what led to the goal against Chelsea. Killman close to Gabriel. Saka. Decent corner as well. Helped on by Gabriel. Oh, it was more than decent. It was a beauty. Great flight on this. Gabriel, he's having a little bit of a wrestling match, but you'd have fancied him to get a better contact on this than he does. Well, Grzegorz Xhaka can't continue. And Fabio Vieira. A different profile of player, that's for sure. But a talented player all the same. And the Portuguese is going to replace Grzegorz Xhaka. Disappointment for him, really. To feel that way only a couple of minutes into the game. He just wanted to give it a go, but he couldn't do it. Yeah, I mean, sometimes you can be feeling rough beforehand, but the game starts, the adrenaline's pumping, and you're okay. It's a statement of faith in Fabio Vieira. Mainly, he's run out in Europe. Shown some great technical quality. Playing with Oerdegaard. Back up there. It will be interesting with Fabio Vieira and Oerdegaard in the same side. Two players, you might say, are a similar profile. Thomas Pate in that single pivot at the base of the midfield for Arsenal. Or Zinchenko joining him every now and again. Zinchenko again. Saliba. It's Saliba. Now Gabriel. Saliba again. White. Now Saket. It's Saliba. Zinchenko. Jesus. We're not making much ground here, though, Arsenal. Jesus dropping off the front to get involved and to get them going. White. Oerdegaard. They're all very patient from the gutters. Waiting for a slip-up. That was defence. Zinchenko. Dispossessed. Adama Traore. Driving forward. Excellent tackle, though, by Gabriel Jesus. Yeah, that's typical of him. Doesn't switch off. Pate to Zinchenko. Fabio Vieira. So much creativity on the pitch for Arsenal. Yeah, but it's one thing Wolves have been able to achieve so far. They've avoided a lightning quick start from Arsenal. The kind that we've seen plenty of times already this season. I think they did that to Liverpool, didn't they? They did it to Crystal Palace in the opening of the season. Is Saliba. Gabriel. So much of the ball, Arsenal, but going nowhere. Rubicard Traore. Was giving that ball away. Samedo. Adama Traore offside. Or would have been if he'd collected the ball, gave up on it. Well, that ball should be on more often than not if he's clever with his movement. Adama Traore. He manages to stay onside. He can afford to give his opponents a couple of yards. Worried for the Hampton Wanderers fans before this game. With the league leaders coming to town. For the moment, keeping them at bay. Here's White. Zinchenko. Arsenal unrushed. Saka. Sort of player to inject some pace into the attack. White. And they made a mess of that Arsenal. The walls could break with Samedo. A numbers forward in this attack. Passar Louganis. Takes it home. Not hit the target. That's got to be the game plan, isn't it, for Wolves? Trying to hit Arsenal on the counter. Defending deep, defending in numbers. And then when they can, nick the ball like this. They've got the pace on the break. Teammates breaking the necks to support that ball. Always asking a lot from that kind of angle. But he's got a bit more confidence now, get it? Having got that goal against Brighton last week, it wasn't a bad effort. Not that far away. The Portugal international. Here's Erdogan. Zinchenko. Martinelli. Can't get through, though, at the moment. Arsenal so much of the ball so far, Alan. But it's Wolves who've had the more threatening opportunities. Yeah. It's the wide areas, as it so often is, against this kind of defensive structure. The wide area is so important. The likes of Martinelli. Saka. Saka on the ball now. And Bueno took that ball off him with ease. He started well, hasn't he? And it's like... Spadey beats his way through. In this very... Why has it taken so long to get him in the side? Here's White. Keeping out. White nori at the moment, Bueno. Here's Zinchenko. White. Saka. White now, into the other guards. Dama Triore, Pate. Couldn't win it back, but Arsenal do win it back. Zinchenko. And maybe these are the sort of moments that Arsenal can find to wade through the Wolves' defense. And it's a very, very good moment. Zinchenko, and maybe these are the sort of moments that Arsenal can find to wade through the Wolves' defense. Gabriel Jesus. Walking past tackles, but not the final one. Yeah, how many times has he done that this season? Slaloming past players. But they have got to step it up a little bit, Arsenal. And they get in behind here. Here's Martinelli. Samedo to make to the Brazilian, but Martinelli. Decent ball, Fabio Vieira, slipping not for the first time. Weaver Nemes. And you know that far away, Wolves, you feel? Now de Guard. Saka. On to White. Good position for White to just hang on to the back post. And just another touch. And Samedo, here's Fabio Vieira. Zinchenko. And a swipe. Jesus. That's chance, no doubt about it. First time really Ben White's been able to get on the overlap. And he's not disappointed with the delivery. It's a decent stand-up. And he's travelling away from goal, but just trying to steer it into that far corner. That's the way it's been lately, though. Desperate to break this run without scoring, Gabriel Jesus. And Mikl Arteta, desperate not to be in his technical area. Yeah, it's another big technical area down there. And he's got a good position. Fabio down there. He's in it now. Stabel. He knows we're cameras on him at the moment. Sparkling shoes as well. Here's Tillman. Bueno. And Totti was put length by Saka. Well, Seawolves have been pretty happy so far. By the fact that they haven't conceded, and they do carry a threat. That's Bueno. Totti. And then Foutinho. So get that one away to Bueno. They know how they can hurt this Arsenal side, Wolves. They're recognising that. Arteta's recognising it as well. Maybe a little bit of frustration in there. Certainly not hit top gear yet. He's in Chenkham. Martinelli. And Samedo's going to stick to task. Here's White. Erdegaard. Dig out to this right-hand side. White. Saliba. Maybe an outfield player in the Wolves' half. Saliba again. Oh, just waiting to counter. Saka. Pass across to Saliba. Gabriel. Oh, very patient from the Gunners so far. Well, here's the incision. Will it come from Fabio Vieira? Here's Zinchenko. White. Saka. Ducks inside. Makaio Saka. Now Gabriel. Managed to shoot by the away support. Here's Zinchenko. Hangs it in there. Might break to Erdegaard. Trying to shrug off Wolves' challenges. At right, looking for a corner. Is he going to get it? Nope. Not sure the assistant was entirely sure. It was a difficult one. Well, White can't believe it. And it throws the ball towards the assistant. You're going to get a torping two here. Can Stuart Atwell? He will do. A little dummy to go to the pocket there from Stuart Atwell. Well, great news for Benjamin White this week to be called up to the World Cup squad. They're not being in recent. England sides. It's called up to the last European Championships as a replacement. Three replacement Bertrand Alexander-Arnold. They're both going to this tournament. Just cutting that out there, Zinchenko. It's been a really disciplined performance so far from Wolves. Nobody's made a mistake at the back. They're all doing the jobs. And White getting the booze. Not easy for that to continue for the full 90, particularly the way that they have been conceding chances, Wolves. They've conceded too many so far. Closing on the half hour is Gabriel Jesus. Erdegaard. Now White. The lost by Arsenal. Moutinho. And he was taken back there by Erdegaard. And Moutinho really frustrated. He feels like Erdegaard should pick up a yellow card here. Well. It depends on Stuart Atwell's going to be generous here, I think. But so many times, virtually every time you see a yellow card. White. The juice for this, but I'm not against a ref just giving a player a warning. I mean, there wasn't a lot going on there. Certainly pulled him back. That's trying to stop the counter, and that's when they do produce the yellow. White just checking the run. Bueno. It's an awkward one for Ramsdale. He can't pick it up. And the crowd appreciating him clearing that ball. Here's Saka. No foul on Saka. And the support in Molineux. Recognising here that Havel's weathered a bit of a storm from Arsenal. Not much of a storm, actually, from Arsenal. Yeah, well, they're managing to keep the danger men quiet at the moment. And the likes of Saka and Martinelli and Erdegaard. And Jesus. Well, Saliba wanted to take the free kick quickly, and Totti recognised that Arsenal wanted to get on with it there. And it's not even in the right place. Well, we're waiting for this game to come to life, but Julen Lopetegui watching on for the final time before he takes charge on Monday. He's met all the players on training yesterday. What have he had to say in how they set up today? Well, apparently not, according to Steve Davis. And the Standing Walls manager should be fairly pleased with how things are going. We'll have to wait a few weeks. Jesus. Jesus does drop off. He does try to take his place in that penalty area. Fabio Vieira, who's often operated where Erdegaard is, for Arsenal when he has played this season. Now where Xhaka usually is. Here's Saka. Saliba. Arsenal looking for that spark in this game. Here's Fabio Vieira. Faced by Collins. Did he duck the cross out? The Walls won't mind that too much. I think it has disrupted their rhythm, Xhaka going off. So familiar with his role, with the shape. With Xhaka in there. Well, this was another feature of Arsenal's game recently. The Thomas Partey long throws. Maybe a little margin. An advantage. Partey. To wind one up here. And launches it a flat. A decent and dangerous one, you have to say. It's going to be a pauler to Arsenal. Faced right towards Neves. Two Walls defenders close to the same ball. A sub-hiddeout. One dangerous throw. And Arsenal threaten the Walls defence. They do like to do from set pieces. One's cleared away and here's the Dama trial rate. Can they break? The answer's no. Erdegaard is there for Arsenal. Three waiting for the cross and it goes from Erdegaard. Totti away. Threw himself to clear that one. Xhaka. Jesus. Arsenal come to this patient position. Football designed to control the play. Xhaka. Inside to White. White again. Xhaka again. Xhaka. Good feet from Xhaka. Erdegaard. It's all very intricate from Arsenal. It doesn't come off. And Bueno's had a strong game so far. Doesn't get the free kick. Yeah. Nothing that opponents managed to keep. Xhaka under the asses as well as Walls. So far there's another chance on the count of four. Pass from Gabriel. Boubacar Traore. Martinelli back there for Arsenal but Boubacar Traore gives it to Guedes. Samedo. How many are they prepared to commit forward here, Walls? Arsenal got everybody back. Bueno. It's Collins. Totti. And Kilman towards that side and Siencienko beaten to it. Guedes. And he caused a problem for Arsenal. Guedes. He's tripped up on his own feet it seems. Yeah, just did a bit more composure there. He's got Samedo in support inside. Martinelli. And Walls committing bodies forward might work for Arsenal. Xhaka slides it through. Gabriel Jesus. Still! Oh, the woodwork denies him. Flags gone up. I thought Totti was keeping him on. Yeah, maybe just off. We've seen plenty of these over the last 10 or 11 games. We're just snatching a little bit at it. It's a lot of goal to aim at. Five Premier League games without finding the net for the Brazilian. He's more likely to find the net for Brazil than he is for Arsenal anytime soon. But so much to this Arsenal side though, and their improvement this season. Dama Traore. Tabueno. There's Totti. We know. Kept Arsenal out so far. But maybe they might score here, Wolves. Dama Traore. One or two minus. Which foot to cross that ball there? It was Traore again. Ruben Nemes. And Nemes. Eventually loses it. And Jesus. And Jesus. Now the guy's coming out. Is it for Totti? It is for Totti. A split second there. The way that Jesus went down. Well, he might point to other challenges, but it's a definite book. And he stuck his leg out. Whatever you say about the refs. He looked and stood up. The players, obviously, Odegaard is an obvious one. But Minacta. I think he trips him in the end rather than the higher challenge. Well, he did used to play rugby when he was a child. Totti. Very close though. Just enough of a trip. Here's Saliba. White. Here's Saliba. Goalless at Molineux. The pattern of this game. It is actually hard to predict who might take the lead if one side is to take the lead before half time. Here's Martinelli. Quick feet from Martinelli, but I don't think it got a touch on the room's player. Goal kick. All we haven't seen really is an Arsenal player beat a Wolves defender. In order to break the structure at the back there. Well, this is the late football tonight, but two more tomorrow. Brighton against Aston Villa. Two sides with relatively new managers. And they're following that. Well, Fulham side have been pressed this season. Almost got a point to the Etihad. What can they do against Manchester United? Second game on Super Sunday. Manchester United seeing Tottenham win. Liverpool win. Newcastle win. Saka. An Urdu guard close to him, as always. An Urdu guard. And that ball in Arsenal. Haven't really created much at Molineux so far. Looks dangerous when they lose the ball. Fabio Vieira. Ran into trouble in the end. A bit like the Neves moments a minute or so ago. Gabriel Jesus takes that away from the goal. Gabriel Jesus takes that away from... Urdu guard try alright. Martinelli. Across to White. Looks to get on the end of White's cross. And miscued that, Gabriel Jesus. Yeah, didn't get those feet sorted out. In the end, on the point of contact, he was off balance. They haven't been able to create too many chances, but... That's a half decent opportunity to get a good, solid strike on goal. Nice pick out from Ben White. Almost gets ahead of it there, Jesus. Has had a few chances so far in this game. Look at that four efforts on goal. And he gets a goal. Or he heads to Qatar. Now, Guedes. Lots of Arsenal players back there, but Guedes does well. Not fouled by Gabriel. But here's Adama Traore getting on with it. Flexing it over. Winslet. Arsenal off the hook there. Traore thought he might have a go at this man. He's in the box. Walls feeling there was a foul here. And there was a chance of a free kick. And he's got it. There's a chance of a free kick. They've had a decent view. Surely getting the box there, Traore's. Wasted that attack. Interesting, we've heard a lot of talk about how players might approach these games this weekend if they are in World Cup squads. The Wolves. The players starting this game. Rumin Neves and Jose Sarr in the Portugal squad. But nobody else is playing for their nation or likely to play for their nation in Qatar. Not working for Arsenal, though, in this game. Saka, one of those who is, of course, going to the World Cup. So they have a fair few that are. I think there's about ten. Oh, Matza. Phil's team outfit. A range of nations as well. Ramsdale. Will be there with England. Whether he plays any minutes, we'll see. Zinchenko. Not qualified for the World Cup. Beaten by Wales in the end. Saliva. Saka. Bueno's contained Saka pretty well so far. Now Partek. Zinchenko. White. Saka, desperate to get some change. Out of Bueno. But he's coming back empty-handed so far. Arsenal trying to get on with that throwing quickly. They might work for them. Saka. Partek. Fabio Vieira lines that one up. Blocked by Kilman. And Samedo should be able to clear. Well, once again, Waldseer off the challenge. This is Samedo, who's suspension for his red card. As Brighton was served. The League Cup game against Leeds. Yeah, also. You don't often see him given. Enjoy asking a co-commentator to analyse a foul throw. Most of mystery to him. But, well, I don't know. I don't know. It looked worse than it actually is. Looked worse first time. Still questioning it. Sanco. Moutinho. Kilman to Totic. Looking for Bueno. Oh, Saliba. To Gannis. What an error from the defender, Gannis. He made all wrong. Well, in that corner, though, I think he may have been going wide anyway. But Saliba relieved. Yeah, Gabriel getting a touch on this. I don't think it was going in. But Saliba playing a blind pass there. Well, the bottom side in the Premier League. Have had their moments in this first half. Against the leaders. Late corner in this first half for the home side. Gannis plays it in. Jesus, the defender, but he miscued that clearance. And it's Kampatriot. Was that one away? If he passed half for Arsenal. Yeah, I mean, it's got all the hallmarks of being a scrappy game. One of those you just got to dig in. And if you're going to come away with a victory, it might just be a one nil. Well, invaluable in the course of a season. These kind of challenges, if you can come out on top. Samedo. Kilman. Two minutes added on at the end of this first half. Zinchenko can't get to that. Gabriel should be able to clear. Jesus. Everywhere again, getting a bit close to Collins. Let's get this again. He gives it away to Jesus. Played one minute, so coming up to one minute of time added on. And Jesus. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. He's got it. Three minutes, so coming up to one minute of time added on. And Jesus, pulled back. And this could be another yellow card. To the caps in the ORAC. Not too many complaints about that one really. No, the Wolves fans have, but... Yeah, you're not going to get away with that. He's coming to the team, the young midfielder, returned 21 in August, and a little more brighter than he has in the last few weeks, him and Bueno in particular. Real Jesus, we're missing so much emotion in one man. You always know exactly how he's feeling in a particular moment. Right now a little bit sore. So maybe the last chance for the first half. Erdogan in towards Martinelli, Fabio Vieira, and the coach from Wolves, and a half-time whistle from Stuart Atwell. Well, a hard-pimped chance, they couldn't really get into their flow, but Gabriel Jesus had several opportunities to give them an advantage, an advantage they couldn't get really. The Wolves had opportunities of their own, Gonzalo Guedes causing a few problems to them, but neither side finding a way through at Molineux. Half-time, Wollham to Wanderers nil, Arsenal nil. And Wolves get a sunderway, no they don't. They'll try again. Doing that well, not doing nothing with that kick-off. And Gabriel Jesus, not in his own half. How long we go anyway? And Totti, straight towards Fabio Vieira. See if Arsenal change their approach in the second half to find a way through this Wolves defence. Here's White. I'm sure there'll be a conscious effort for Arsenal to try and move the ball quicker, add a bit more urgency, intensity to the play when they've got the ball. Zinchenko. Saliba, had some loose passes in that first half and that wasn't the best either. Used to be brave though, the Frenchman out of defence. Killman. To Collins, Asamedo. Two players who have been sent off the Wolves recently. Zinchenko, confidently back towards Ramsdale. Straight back into the pattern of the first half. Saka. Saka. And Gabriel, back to Saliba. Arsenal playing the same 11, that started against Chelsea. Yeah, I mean that Chelsea win was another forward step, wasn't it? Follow on from the Liverpool victory as well, beating some of the big teams. Well, Jesus. Saka, Erdogan. Zinchenko. Martinelli. Shaking off Asamedo. Too much on that pass. Moreno, tight to Saka again. It's been a good contest on that side. Erdogan, clips it in towards Fabio Piera, almost. Squeezed that pass through. Now, Adama Traore, on the charge. And lays it off as well. Guedes. Traore, won't quite get there. Ramsdale, quickly scrapping across to claim it. Well, it's two against four there, and they did extremely well. Guedes and Traore. At one point, you thought Traore's not got a pass on, but his strike partner covers the ground to offer that pass. That's a really difficult skill to get the pace, the weight on that ball. Smack the ground in frustration, did Adama Traore, that pass wasn't on point back to him. Gabriel, who scored the winner on this ground last season. It was an early goal in that one. Arsenal later went down to ten men when this man, Martinelli, was sent off for two quick-fire yellow cards. Siencienko, Fabio Piera, who came on for Granit Xhaka in the first half, early on in the first half. Erdegaard. Trying to conjure something up here for the visitors. Waits again. I think positionally, particularly those two wing-backs, Boeno and Samedov, have been really sound, rarely offering any space behind for Xhaka and Martinelli to run into. We haven't seen too much of Martinelli so far. Siencienko. Jesus, almost took that down. Yeah, Boeno, he's on a little run of games and showing good form. It's not just been his tackling, it's been his positional sense. Now it's Samedov. Partey with a challenge. Referee playing advantage. Think the Ghanaian might be lucky to escape a booking. We do get a break in play. Instead, Arsenal coming forward with Erdegaard and Xhaka. All of a sudden, this game's got a bit messy. Boeno, confident play from him. They've confident display so far. Collins. Moutinho. Wasn't actually much of a tackle from Partey. That just did enough to trip his man. Hillman. The ref might have forgotten about it by the time he goes out of play. Referee never forgets. Saliba. And Boeno. Stood out so far for Wolves. Something that Wolverhampton Wanderers fans know already. Guedes. Samedov. Growing in confidence, the home side. Bottom of the Premier League, but a victory would take them off the bottom. Ruminevs. Been a while since that Partey tackle. Samedov. That's a dangerous one. Shchenko just enough of a touch and cleared away by Leite. He hasn't forgotten. No. No, it's been that kind of match really, hasn't it? These kind of challenges, stopping the counter-attack. The little trips, the outstretched leg. Outstretched leg. A little unfortunate, Thomas Partey. He's just trying to intercept the ball, but there's a man in the way. It's like referees can't wait for those sort of moments, can they? Here's Saka. Ibanez. Now Partey. Fabio Vieira. Quick feet from the Portuguese. Advantage being played again. Don't think he'll go back for that one. If he did, with a card, Traore would be sent off. Saka. White on the overlap. Erdogan leaving it, Fabio Vieira. That's not the pass Sarge was looking for. Yeah, the initial turn was good. Here's Jesus reminding Stuart Atwell about that Buba-Car Traore challenge. He is on a yellow card. Yeah. Getting the benefit. So far, the intriguing element to this game, it feels like, is that balls can cause Arsenal problems, but how brave do they want to be? Yeah, I mean, I think it's building blocks for them, isn't it? And Lopetegui trying to build the confidence and with it, pick up points. For them, a draw here would be a really good result. Martinelli. Draw for Arsenal. We'll see their lead increase over City. Sienczenko. Now there's Jesus. Lovely pass. Fabio Vieira. Store. Find the right throw. Erdogan turns away. Pounds the badge. Are Arsenal firing their way to a five-point festive lead? Well, I wondered whether he was going to be offside, Fabio Vieira. He was right on the edge of it. It's a lovely bit of skill and composure actually at the death just to dink it over. Has he timed his run to perfection? Yeah, he has. Vieira, he struggled to get into this game, but he's such a clever technician. And it's a really good pick out. Jesus playing his part again. He's been blunted for a goal, but it was a great ball into Vieira. And that's an even better one. Well, he enjoyed that one. The Arsenal captain. The fifth Premier League goal of this season. He's scored five goals in his last ten Premier League appearances now. And the Norwegian has the Gunners in front. A big goal. And his final Premier League weekend before the World Cup. Martinelli. Going on. Collins can't get near him. Oerdegaard. That's going to be a totally different game now. Arsenal with more of a spring in the step and obviously Wolves have got to show the hand more now. Saka. And trying to claim that goal. Sychenko. And the way Arsenal play, the players they have on the pitch. Aside. They were very good when they were in front. And it's that control, that way they want to play, keeping the ball. Keeping the opposition away from their goal. Well, that's such a well-organised side when they lose the ball now in transition. Arteta has done so much work on the training ground to make sure that's the case. That was some vulnerable work a couple of years back when they did lose the ball. Well, Opetegui, I wanted to think about already. He gets to really take charge of the side on Monday. His first test will be Gillingham in the Carabao Cup. Former Real Madrid, Spain and Sevilla manager. Finding himself in the black country. Steve Davis, frustration really because his side weren't playing too well before, weren't playing pretty well just before the Arsenal goal. Yeah, it was that timing of the run and the timing of the pass really, something that eluded Arsenal in the first half. That cut open Wolves. Samedo forward. Arsenal had a fine away record this season. Only dropped points against Southampton and Manchester United. And here's Moutinho. And a good run from Samedo. Couldn't take it in his stride. Tollins. Samedo. That's one to wind you. Well, the fans get a good laugh. The only one not laughing is Martinelli. Might be pretty high pitch though. Well, Martinelli recovers. Does take a while. Arteta will be inside. Pleases side have got that advantage. It's not been smooth sailing. Don't expect it to be away from home in the Premier League. Well, let's have a look at the goal again. You're not scoring. You've got to do what Jesus does here with a lovely bit of vision and pass. And Fabio Vieira does it justice with that little cross into the path of the Norwegian. Two creative players combining. Bueno. Moutinho. And that's a lovely pass. Traore should get there. Oh, that's going to be a foul from Gabriel. Diving in as well. And a goal. Well, look at the ground he covers there. Ridiculous. It is a foul. It's not as bad as it first looked, but it is a foul. I said it was a good pass from Moutinho only because of the player chasing after it. Yeah. Swift is not the word. Well, we're going to have some wonderers. No set-piece goals this season. That was a good a time as ever to end that. It was statistic. An angle to cross or an angle to go for goal. Yeah, one of those you can just whip it goalwards, get it on target. And get teammates running across the line of the ball. And there's Strachan. Well held by Ramstad. Yeah. Entering some bodies. Well, they had to keep his eyes on it and make sure he doesn't spill it. He was always quick to set Arsenal on their way. Fabio Vieira. Jesus was free in the middle. Vieira. And out by Totti. It did look initially Vieira to try and find Jesus, but the paffer was blocked. Erdogan. Second. White. Fabio Vieira. Marcinelli. Oh, and a swipe for that, Jose Sarr. Jesus. Couldn't force it in. And Bueno clears. A lucky break for Wolves. There's going to be more chances about for Arsenal. As to whether there'll be many up the other end is a new point, but the Gunners will be feeling they need a second goal here. Saka. And Jesus. Those Wolves can't just sit back and soak up Arsenal pressure for the rest of this game. Otherwise, they will definitely be bottom at Christmas. Gabriel. Saliba. Murtagh. They need to be patient here, Arsenal. They have their advantage. White. They have been for the whole season, the away support for Arsenal, pretty vocal. Bueno. Will he put that ball straight into play? The answer is yes. Well, they're just about to get away with this. Wolves. Sarr gets a hand of sorts to it. It was spectacularly good, wasn't it, last season, Sarr? Always going to be difficult to keep that up. The Wolves are about to make a substitution. Pudencia is going to come on shortly. Is Adama Tri all right? Gets the crowd going whenever he gets the ball. Collins. Semedo to Ruben Neves. It goes to Totti. Bueno. A run at Saka. Bueno. That's a teasing ball in. Two Wolves players getting in each other's way. Adama Trier and Semedo. Yes, Semedo was in the much better position, just needed a shout try over there. He might have got one. Couldn't get out of the way. Guedes inside to Moutinho. Moutinho and Scoop ball to Guedes. Must have overplayed it in the end, Wolves. Might have just taken that on, headed it forward. A wonderful pass from White. Gabriel Jesus. The feet, the pass not quite on point to Odegaard. And Totti back there to deny Arsenal. Well, you'd have fancied him there, Jesus, just to shift it and shoot. When you're flying in amongst the goals, you don't think twice. You don't pass here. It was a difficult pass that he had to execute. Totti does well. On the stretch. They go with a thumbs up for the pass. Jesus. Arsenal corner. What can Makaio Sakai do here? Can he find Gabriel? 24 hit for Arsenal. Just wouldn't wait for the one to the back post. Iacchenko finds it back in. Totti away. Odegaard. And Totti can leave that one back to Sar. The game takes on a more frantic feel to it, doesn't it? More start pushing, more men forward, more spaces open up. And Moutinho did well there. Here's Paredes. Moutinho. Collins. Neves. Here's Collins. Paredes waits for the ball to go out of play. Moutinho. A little for movement. Collins is forward there and won the header. Adama Traore. Dicks the cross out, Ramsdale claims. Yeah, the fact that Nathan Collins was up there is a sign of a shifting attitude. With the central defender joining in, that didn't happen in the first half. Verdun's coming on. Will Roos change their shape? It's kept in play by Martinelli. They're going to make a double change here. Well, a double change to be made by Wolverhampton Wanderers. And it's Dexter Lendepisa. He's going to come on here, the teenager. As Moutinho makes way first for Verdun. And Samedo coming off. And it's the young Jamaican defender who's going to come on here to make his Premier League debut. After making his senior debut against Leeds United. Forced into the change here. The Samedo struggling a little bit. It may have been in that collision with Adama Traore. Yeah, they've kept with the shape, five at the back walls. Lendepisa only turned 19 last week. The academy product out on that right-hand side. And he's going to get the ball here. Lendepisa. Pushed on by the crowd to get behind academy players. Pudence. Looking for Adama Traore. Gabriel just got on the bonnet. And then Adama Traore trying to get the ball for Rainsdale here. What you got collision in the ends? Yeah. If you're going to collide with anyone, you don't really want to collide with Adama Traore piling in at you. I don't think he could stop Leonie Traore. Ramsdale did seem to spill the ball initially before the challenge came in. Of course, Arsenal have that advantage, but when you do lead like this, it then turns to how we see this victory out. And it was makes these moments count when there is being treated, Mikel Arteta, dressing change at Arsenal this season. I mean, given how the match has been, it would be a really satisfying win if they can see this through Arsenal. Because Wolves have been a tough nut to crack. Really well organised discipline. Of course, we hope that Ramsdale is OK. Yeah, I think he saw Traore come in here and maybe just spills it. Well, maybe not. It's a hell of a thump. The spill was helped on its way. He's just gesturing that he got caught in the throat rather than the head. I think that's what Ramsdale was saying. Well, on we go. At Molineux, Arsenal leading by a goal to nil. A goal that if it stays like this, will increase their lead at the top of the Premier League after Manchester City lost at home to Brentford in the lunchtime kick-off today. Isaka, Erdogan, Ramsdale, Partey, Saliba, Erdogan, Partey. Martinelli really wants the ball so he can test the young full-back, but here's Sienkiewicz. Just sweeps that one in and saw it's there. Knew what he was doing. Well, goals have been hard to come by, especially after the air, Mark. Fair to say he didn't like that decision. Gabriel just felt the touch and went. There's Gabriel. Arsenal won 1-0 on this ground last season. Leading 1-0 here. In their home game against Wolves last season, they were trailing to a late on, scored two late goals to win it. I mean, saw something there that I didn't. Martinelli just cuts that out. Martinelli again. Well, on that side, Saka, through to White, here's Erdogan, Saka again, shielding the ball well, right balance for Kaya Saka. Saka. Saliba. Gabriel. Javier Vieira. Arsenal happy to maintain possession still. Decent chunk of time to play in this game though. White. Saka. Erdogan across to Zinchenko. Bit of space for Zinchenko. And that struck towards Collins. Bacar Triore, nice feet from him. Across to his namesake, Adama, he gives it away. Nice interception from Partida. Stration for the home support. Martinelli. Inside to Zinchenko. Gabriel. I mean, they're pushing obviously for the second goal, Arsenal, but they do it in a much more measured way than a few years back when they would leave themselves short at the back. Certainly not short at the back this season. Joint best defence in the league alongside Newcastle United. Martinelli, can he steal in behind? That under control. And Bikisa gives it away to Martinelli. And Martinelli to Zinchenko, plenty in the penalty area here for Arsenal. Zinchenko drives it across, Martinelli saved by Sarr. Erdogan! Will that be the settling second for Arsenal? The side in first in the Premier League. Waking the Wall's defence again in the second half, a second half display that looks as though it will keep them firmly in front and top of the Premier League. Well, he wears the captain's armband and he's produced a captain's performance here in terms of his goals just when they needed them, Arsenal. You sense this is a big, big one for the Gunners tonight. Lovely little flick from Martinelli to give Zinchenko all sorts of time and space. Good stop by Sarr, but he can't get near that one. On that trusty left foot, but I think before this season, Martin Erdogan had never scored a brace in a match, but scored one at Bournemouth, away from home and scored a brace tonight away from home. And the Gunners in a very strong position now. Mbakisa, giving the ball away to Martinelli, the youngster. Led to that goal. Will the car try all right? Very surely, Mateus is going to come on. Here's Bueno. But Ence, now they get Ence, get Ence, puts it wide. Well, decision making, isn't it? And then you score those about once every 50 shots, if not more. Well, they've got injury problems, they've got suspensions as well up front. Steve Davis lacking firepower, really. Now against one of the meanest defences in the Premier League. It's asking a lot of this Wolves side at the moment. Will Arsenal push for more? Martinelli, really came to life for that second goal. Looking to target this side with a teenager on the pitch for Wolves. Will Mbaka try all right? The ball forward towards Guedes, lovely skill, can he finish it off? It was a chance to see, wasn't it? There seemed to be an opening there. Saka. It's nicely done from Saka, but that's a good tackle from Neves. A bit of support. Neves, Saka back to his feet. Will Mbaka try all right? Collins. Dalot trying all right, running into trouble. Kocinksienko, Fabio Vieira. Arsenal looking dangerous again. Erdogan on a hat trick, but will he play the pass or go himself? He's got it back again, Erdogan. Off to party. Martinelli. Swings that in, Totti in the right place. White, never scored for Arsenal. Not about to be patient tonight, Arsenal, but that patience has paid off. Mateusz coming on, has had injury problems, he's going to replace Guedes, who had this lovely moment just a second or so ago. Yeah, lovely bit of skill. Doesn't get his shot away there. Takes another touch and the chance is gone. As Totti has gone off, excuse me. And Mateusz, on again. The man touted as one of the best players in the world by Pep Guardiola when he signed for Wolves. Still looking for his first goal for Wolves. Yeah, I think they're looking for their major signings in general to come good, Wolves. Gollins, Roald, almost there by Gabriel Jesus. That would be the one thing that Arsenal fans would love before this game is up. A Brazilian getting on a score sheet. Yeah, that would be the perfect night for them. Seeker. Gollins can't find that pass. Well, it's the 14th game in for Arsenal. And they are closing in on a five-point lead at the top of the Premier League. What is their best ever start to a season? It's going to be a corner for Wolves, Arsenal are defending. And they are loving it. A few Newcastle fans sneaked in there. Corner from Guedes. And he took that corner quickly. Mateusz. Neves. Dama, from a nudge, stops Sienkiewicz getting that ball. Is it Dama Trieri? And he picked the pass. He can and that's not polite. But is it Dama Trieri? Got his first goal for the club against Brighton. Yeah, not from a dissimilar position, a bit closer in. Leeds, I should say, incidentally, in the Carabao Cup. That was their last game. But either way, wasn't on target. Here's Mateusz, can he pick the pass? He has wanted it, Mateusz couldn't get the pass away, but he has got a free kick. Still enough time here for Wolves to make Arsenal nervous. Guedes. Bueno. I don't know, is that blocked by Saliva? So unruffled, Saliva. Look at our Trieri, to a Dama Trieri. Martinelli, can't get to Guedes, but Guedes can't find a team-mate. Arsenal just doing some defending at the moment. What a job that Benateta has done for this Arsenal side. Patience paying off. Bollins, can't always be a free-flowing best, but when you're not, it's important that you do find a way, a different sort of way. Oh, a slip from Zinchenko, a Dama Trieri. Look at that. But his team-mate's there, they couldn't do much with that one. And then Bueno gives it away, and Odegaard, look at that for feet to find. Gabriel Jesus and Saka in support. Gabriel Jesus has gone forward, and here is Jesus. And across comes Bollins. And a kick. Reece Nelson's going to come on shortly for Arsenal. He has impressed in recent weeks when his future was in doubt. And he's got enough in recent displays to suggest he can be a part of the squad this season. Yeah, Arteta speaking highly of him. I did wonder whether his future would lie elsewhere, whether he'd be able to make an impression here. But it's looking good for Matthias Sacke to take this corner for Arsenal. Haven't committed too many forward for it, still finds Gabriel. And Guedes, a Dama Trieri, Saliba, beat it to it by Trieri. He's got somebody in the back post in Ferdinand, can he find him? He hands it, Ferdinand is there. Here is Ferdinand, going for the spectacular. And it almost slipped through. That water green spectacular. The man who's needed a spark this season, he almost had it there. In trial he gave Saliba there about three yards. Saliba's no slouch, but yeah, not too far away. There's Bill Ramsdale sticking his tongue out. That's the confidence in this Arsenal side. And Mohamed Elneny is going to come on. Surprise Rob Holding's not there as well. Teta, a big fan of just seeing games out on his side, that's an advantage. Sacke. And Regeus. Arsenal with his two goal lead, don't need to have so many of their attacking talents on the pitch now. Partey. White. You'll look to spread that across to Martinelli. And Viquisa across. With Bacar Trieri. Good play from him. And across it goes to Mateus. Carries that ball well, Mateus, and slides it through, looking for Pedence. A great player as he moves with the ball, Mateus. Yeah, a little snapshot of his ability there. I'd like to see a bit more of that after the World Cup. Oh, look. At the table, Alan, when it's beautiful reading for fans of Arsenal Football Club. Well, it does. That has certainly taken that, but you know you speak to a lot of fans and they would still take top four place. Champions League football again, but as the season progresses, obviously we're going to have a gap now, but ambitions get a little higher, a little loftier. Well, at the moment, Manchester United are the side in fifth on 23 points. Arsenal on 37. Manchester United have one game in hand, but it just shows already the buffer that Arsenal have even to fifth. Given away by Partey. Here it is, something like there, he slurred a guard. Yeah, he's been excellent, hasn't he? Real captain's performance. Saka away here. Wenoa across, Saka has his man, one against one, looking for Jesus, not going to happen that time. And Kilman, up on a run, running into trouble. Too far up the pitch there, that's Kilman. Now Partey. And the Ole's out from the Arsenal fans, not for the first time this season. Never mind the Ole's, I think that's what he wants to get his sub short. It doesn't look like there's going to be any late drama. The way things are going at the moment. Zinchenko giving the ball away, Adama Traore. Toidence, and Ramsdale up to the challenge, and he'll berate his defence now. There's Zinchenko, getting a near full. Last thing you want is a couple of really uncomfortable minutes at the end, having given away a goal. Zinchenko returned to the side last week against Chelsea. Just giving the Ole's a little bit of hope here. Arsenal not making those substitutions when they're defending this corner. Pudence, not a great corner. Mateus, oh he struck that, a pill for handball. Here's Martinelli. Here's Pudence. That's not a good pass from Pudence, that's going to run out of play. But did that hit the arm of Martinelli? Almost lost Rupert Cartwright already there. Cartwright threw him back. He's okay. Corner taken short by Wolves. Adama Traore gets that cross in. Another go, Rupert Neves. Well we know he could do that sort of thing and usually hit the target. But not to be in the 90th minute, a triple substitution from Arsenal. Cedric, Elneny and Nelson. And so Bukayo Saka has got through that final game before the World Cup. And he'll link up with England now. Yeah, certainly not his best night. He sets such high standards. But great news for Arsenal that they don't depend on him so much these days. Well we've been looking for four minutes. And Elneny comes onto the field and Cedric Zinchenko and Ben White also making way. Madio Vieira making way rather than Ben White. So the substitute substituted in the end. But with good reason as Arsenal see this game out and make sure there's no more surprises. It's the first half where they had their chances but also didn't look too incisive at times. But they pounded away through twice in the second half and they kept him doing the business. And he's done a lovely turn there. Partey. He's given it away. Still some energy in Wolves here as they look to try and find a goal back. Cedric. That's going to be a free kick to Arsenal. Four minutes being played. We're nearly two minutes into it. And Bueno picks up a yellow card for maybe a bit of backchamp. Yeah, he's a player to watch though. Got a lot of talent, good attitude about him. I think he's here to stay, Bueno. I mean, Wolves, you have to feel for them to a certain extent with a strike as they've lost this season. You know, Kladzic on his debut at the start, new signing. Did his ACL. Jimenez injured. Costa got himself suspended. It's left them toothless at times. We know a few of these players, Lopetegui, Ruben Neves in particular, who was stewardship at Porto when he was a teenager. Ruben Neves was a teenager, not Lopetegui, of course. So Arsenal nearly there. They've had an excellent day, really. To see Manchester City lose at home to Brentford. Would have been a boost for them before kickoff and they capitalised on it as well. Here's Martinelli. No rush for a third and into the corner. And easily dispossessed by Collins. And that'll be a throw into Arsenal. And they're being professional. And making sure, as I said before, no more surprises. And they are loving it at the moment, these Arsenal fans. Many have said they've never had it so good. They've said this sort of feeling has been better than even the Invincible season. The way this side is playing. Hopefully giving to this side. It's been a long time, hasn't it? 18 years since the last title. It's just that feel-good factor about the place, the youth in the team, that hunger. And the fans are absolutely loving it. The football that's seen being played as well has been spectacular at times this season.