 So Brooks has let them out early, there will be a pause before we get underway. Scorching August sunshine to greet a team who wilted on the opening day, and then other paps in time to bask in the warm afterglow of what was seen as a job well done after marking their return to the Premier League with a draw at home to Liverpool. Many days but still plenty for supporters of Wolves and Fulham to reflect on. What did you make of the way your former team Fulham started last week? Good afternoon, Tony. I thought they were excellent. I thought they took the game to Liverpool and it's what their fans wanted because maybe last time round in the Premier League when they got relegated they were a little bit defensive. Didn't have an out-and-out striker as they didn't really use Mitrovic that much, but he's the key for them to staying up. Obviously in the first game he was the key, but it will be for much of the season. But this is a difficult game for them today here at Wolves. Fantastic atmosphere, lovely football club as well. Change of emphasis at Fulham in the Championship last season, certainly a change of emphasis since Wolves appointed Bruno Lange as their head coach at the start of last season. You know, Espirito Santo, always happy to go with a back three, three central defenders, but Bruno Lange showing now that he wants to put his stamp on the Wolves squad, from a regular for all the time that Nuno was in charge, finding himself on the bench last weekend of Leeds and now on Merseyside with Everton. A little bit of adjustments to be made for this all-Rabnum Wanderers team. I do think I'm a big admirer of their manager Bruno Lange, very much like Marco Silva actually. They like to play front foot football, so you don't see either of these teams sitting back today. I think they have a little go at each other and try and get a positive result, which should make for a good game. He could over-read. Parada. Wolves look to counter quickly. Perrantes, it's come through to Pedro Neto, he needs support, he might not need support. He's been defied once. Excellent save by Rodak, but it was a big opportunity for Pedro Neto. Good break by Wolves, wasn't it? Really good break and Rodak does really well because he stands up really late here, Tony. Stands up late, I think he was offside anyway, but stands up late, makes himself big and makes the save as well. Good break, that's what Wolves are all about, so that's really going to be danger signs for Fulham, should they hold that high line that they did there. Not a lot on it, I must say, with the offside. He was offside. Nacelet Aspinall, the assistant on the far side. Her first involvement in the Premier League. Well, swipe by Reeves. Fulham might still be able to make something of this. Tete with the cross. He'll struggle for Wolves to get the ball away. Wouldn't fall for Parada, he's pounding up. And the break is on again. Perrantes, same manoeuvre, this time it's Swain. And yet again, Wolves are defied. And that was onside. Yeah, Rodak stands up well again, doesn't he? But look at the two central defenders trying to play offside on the halfway line. Danger signals already. Ream and Tosin all over the place, shouldn't be breaking. One central player and two central defenders. That's poor defending. Twice they've been caught high. That's the danger signs. They've got to adjust. I do wonder if that's an area that Marco Silva wants to tinker with in the weeks ahead. Early days, of course, in the Premier League season. But Fulham have been busy in the transfer market. The likes of Kevin Mbappé coming in, the Swiss international. Shane Duffey, who's arrived on loan from Brighton. And Issa Diop, who's agreed to deal this week. Coming in from West Ham. Robinson driving on. That was an all-side chance, wasn't it, Farrison? Reid up the other end, cross came in from that left-hand side earlier from Robinson. Haven't seen it again, but really if he'd held his composure and his shape better, it was a good chance on the volley. So, with attacking starts at the game, both teams. Tosin. You're just stepping out there, Tosin. He's got to be a little bit more positive than that. When you're stepping out into that area, just zip the balls in to strikers. Trust them, trust their touch. Just to look a little bit, as soon as he got into that little pocket, he looked to be a, what am I doing here? He's got to be more positive than that. Tosin Thornman, Manchester City junior, whose career has really developed in London with Fulham. Two centre-backs, Tosin and Rean, surely will be very aware of the two central defending signings that they've made, Diop and Duffy. So they've got to be on their game. Is that OK? You could have a read. Tosin, put under pressure by Aint-Noorie, who was then swiftly closing down Roda. There's Max Kielman coming through with that header there, gone back in for a back four, as you said earlier, this season, Tony, very much a back three scene, wasn't there, or a five? Well, Ransom Wanderer's gone for that back four, they reverted, he's playing alongside Collins. Kielman came out in non-league football, had a couple of seasons now, at Wolves, and I think he's looking the real deal. Was, of course, a product of my old pal, Alan Devonshire, at Maidenhead United. They signed him from there. And he's always on at me, telling me what a good player he is. Not many naturally left-sided central defenders are about. Someone who had to go backwards to go forwards. In a professional sense, he was once part of the academy at Fulham. Just a big chunk of the back end of last season with an ankle problem. Didn't give much away last season, but they did struggle at the top end of the pitch. 38 goals. Still finished in 10th place. Always been very comfortable in possession, and I don't know, Elijah seemed like he did take the place of the game, whether it's quick on the break or maintaining possession as they are now. I think they're a very good side. Good quick feet, wasn't it, between two players? Just got a slight clip, and that's enough of that place to make you tumble. The 21-year-old international who's back from a year on loan at Sheffield United. He's got a great position, and he's got a great position to play. He's got a great position to play. Lovely ball by Kilman. Towson stretching. Grateful for those long legs there. Looks to spin them down again. As you can see, Kilman was just looking to spin. Just in and around the central defenders. They've got to communicate well. You've got Toglitz on one side and Neto on the other. They're going to make runs across them. Very important that they communicate. Didn't get a lot of that in a championship. Much cleverer and quicker thinking in the Premier League. Norrie. Pedronato. Struck away by Robinson. Behind is Djougal. Long down spell in the Premier League. 25 games now and count him since he last found the target. You can tell the way he just snatched at that one. That ball was going away from him on the half. Much better served if he had had a touch there. Good squat at the moment. Isabeth Threadbell, Dama Torre, is back. Saipan Desch, who arrived this week from Valencia, the Portuguese international. He's one of the substitutes. Alisson Samedo, another Portuguese international, is now fit enough to take his place on the bench. Bruno Lange and Bourgs are getting there, albeit slowly. It will be a while before we see the return of Raul Jimenez, who was hurt in me and is due back in September. I'm going to make a little off-the-cuff comment here, Tony. What about these two football kits today? Traditional football kits. Lovely to see, isn't it? Plain, easily identifiable for us looking at the names and the numbers. Lovely colours and a lovely summer's day. How about that? Old school, proper old school. Love it. What is a very old stadium? A proper stadium as well, though, isn't it? It's just the fans singing before the game. It just makes the ears on the back of your neck stand up when you get these nice, tight grounds. Must be a lovely arena playing. Let's talk about history. It's worth reflecting that Pat Quirk, the Wolverhampton Wanderers historian, died this week at the age of 72. And as a mark of respect, Wolves have gone out wearing black armbands. Johnny. This one. Having some civil danger. Cubano. David White. Ruben Neves always happy to switch the direction of the play. Peter Oneto. And Tevence, rocking on his heels. Good operators, those two, aren't they? Oneto and Pedence. Pedence has a little wondo, as does Oneto, but quite often they'll line up as that front three either side of Wayne, who's up top. But really good operators. Good quick feet. Very good at getting their shots away. Actually, the game just slowing down. A very difficult miss. It's a roasting hot day, isn't it? Made even hotter by the flame throwers before the game. You couldn't believe it. That's all you need on one of the hottest days of the year, isn't it, Tony? I regret an extreme act. This woman upstanding won the shade in the gantry. Cubano. Both right and left, one is provided by Robinson. Mitrovic waits. He'll get there. And he can't keep the shot down. Done well to get across Kilman, though. Kilman, I think, was waiting for the stood-up cross from Robinson. Trying to get it a little bit low, and he just takes his eye off Mitrovic here and allows him to get across him. Because he's waiting for him to come behind him should it be held up. That's where he's good on that far post. But look, gets across him at the last moment. Neither Aiknori or Kilman were quite aware of his movement there. Seven international, the fantastic season in the championship. 43 goals. Scoring figures of another generation. He's made a bit of a mockery of the last time I saw him in the Premier League, and he was severely underused. A player with his kind of physique has got to play regularly, got to play a lot of football. He would have had a much better chance of staying up last time round had he been playing. And it was perhaps by Scott Parker. Those 27 appearances were off the bench. Pedroneta. Gibbs-White. Back again with Gibbs-White. Have you been playing conditions as warm as this? Oh, yeah. There has been heatwaves before, Tony. Always at the beginning of the season. Right then. Flange. Perentz waiting. Aiknori. That's a victim. He's going to be a cautionary app. Miele for Perentz. Yeah, not the first name that would come to mind if you said the first yellow card of an afternoon. But good little Nick from Harrison Reid there because he's trying to turn it around the corner. Good little Nick is away. He has to pull him back to stop the quick counter. Good. I'm back by Pellinia. Pellinia is able to provide it. Good Nick from Pellinia there and could retain it under possession as well. Very important the way he's playing in there with Harrison Reid that they just sit in there and make it tick over. But the one who hasn't really got in the game at the moment is Ferreira just in front of them. They need to get the ball to him a little bit earlier. Tette. Nguyen. Cabano. Vesparada. And that's why. See that nice little drive, little explosion of pace, little bit of positiveness, getting down there, getting his cross away. Showing you've got to get the ball to those players. Marco Silva, the two managers, I've been looking at the body language down there. I'm happier the two. I think he thinks his team should be a little bit more on the front foot. He loves his thing to play. I doubt the Portuguese in charge of Poland rebuilt his reputation at Craven Cottage after leaving Everton three years ago now. Big miss this season will be Fabio Carvalho, but there are plenty of new arrivals, the likes of Ferreira and Kevin Mbappé and Kalinia. Tette. William Robinson, the two United States internationals. He could over-read. Seppona. Well defended by Thielmann in that space at the front post, but that's a good little bit of play from Fulham. Good passing movement. Good stretch. Walls from side to side. Eventually getting it to the Gordoga reader. Just couldn't miss out that front man, but that was better. Better on the ball. Look at the probe. And the manager will be wanting more of that. Toshin inside the six-yard area. It's a free header. And it's been scooped off the goal line. Dicote over-read. Denied. What a chance for Fulham. And what a wonderful interception. It was a good run, wasn't it? That was all expecting the big man. Look, it comes from around the back. There's a couple of little block-offs and they're complaining, walls, that they were blocked off there, but they got caught out. That's a good clearance, I think. And it's Collins on the line there. Just got it up and away. I'm not sure. Ruben Neves. Ruben Neves. Well, there you go. Good skipper's job getting that one off the line, but good little movement, wasn't it? Good corner kick routine. There was a couple of block-offs and he's got in front of his marker. Lovely work by Fulham. Well, the attention was on Toshin inside the six-yard area and the inevitable threat of Mitrovic. And there'll be picked up by Dicodou Dorey. Dendonco. Perance. Well, it's taken by Johnny. Hasn't gone out of play. That might well be to be Fulham's cost. It is the cost of a corner kick. Great little ball by Ruben Neves around the corner. Gibbs White, wasn't it? Just flicked it around the corner. He was totally aware of what was there. Lovely little touch. Clicks it with a little bit of a chip on it. Fulham get the block in for a corner. Let's see what Wolves have got in their locker. Fulham just had a lovely corner kick routine. Let's have a look. A lot of block-offs going on on that other corner kick at the other end. Let's see what Wolves have got. Dendonco, Collins and Kilman in the line. Packed away by Parada. Perance getting in a bit of a muddle. Mucvich trying to get his nuts over. Gibbs White. His acceleration just taking him beyond Robinson. He couldn't put the brakes on quickly enough. A bit heavy with the touch, wasn't it? It was a good ball to him, but very heavy. But great corner kick routine at the other end. Just have to go back to it. There was two little block-offs. Come circling around the front. Wolves are complaining on the edge of the area about the block, but that's what it's all about, getting that yard of space. Time for everybody to take a breather. Premier League deciding that there will be drinks intervals at the midway point in the first and the second half. It was Ruben Neves, Tony, with the clearance off the line. Run back and he was very aware. Look at the blocks. There you go. There he circles around. Great little movement, wasn't it, by Diego Dover-Reed. Pinpointed by Pereira from the corner kick. Finds him. Good direction on the header, but Neves backpedals and gets it away. Good all-round play. We used to do them for Fulham all those years ago. It's not a new thing, Tony, but players complain about it now, but in the old days it was more than a block-off. Normally, what got one in the ribs, quite a wind in, but there you can see Marco Silva down there. I think he'll be pleased this first half of the first half, so to speak, but his team just started to get a few passing movements together. On the other hand, Bruno Large just looking a little bit after those two early breakaways, like they're playing in front of Fulham a little bit too much, but two very good managers who, if you were a pro footballer nowadays, you'd like to play for these two blokes because they like to play good football and you would like to play in teams like that. Fulham showed that last season, promoted as champions. Over a century of goals, 106. I suppose you could say that both squads have had a chance to re-acclimatise or acclimatise to the heat in the UK at the moment, given that they had spells in Spain and Portugal to prepare. The difference being when they're away in countries like that pre-season, they generally train either early in the morning or in late afternoon. I totally mistimed that. I'm going to hold out a hand of apology to Daniel Perez. I'm going to try and get a little bit of pace back into the game after that little water break. I just wanted both teams to try and get a little bit more zippiness to their passing. Which underrated? Alan Shearer was great at that. Just trying balls down or free kicks down the line to him, backing in defenders, getting free kicks and giving you a little bit of a respite as a team as well. That's an art in itself, Tony, gaining fouls up of over-anxious defenders. I'd have left it to one of my partners, I think, alongside me, and I'd have cleaned up the mess after. I'd love to have played against him, of course. I was thinking if I was playing against him, I'd loose-mark him rather than get tight. He's one of those strikers who likes you getting tight, because he likes to fill you, a bit like Mark Hughes was in his day. He just liked to fill you, and then as you come too tight, kind of roll you with that great upper body strength he's got. Yeah, I'd love to have played against him. I think it's difficult for defenders. I'd much rather have played with him, actually. It's making it difficult for defenders in the Championship and the Premier League, and also an international level, off to a World Cup at the end of this year with Serbia. Serbia's record goal scorer. Which destroys the myth somewhat that he can do it in the Championship, but not in its uplight. I agree. I mentioned it before, underused. Pipidovarid. Harrison Rood just ahead of him. Harrison Rood just ahead of him. Jean-Paul Hengre. Tosin. Not been grabbed by Tosin. Pipidovarid. Harrison Rood. Dottelstrud and Mitrovic. It was Gabbana who tried the initial header. I think Johnny on that far post, the right back, was aware that Mitrovic was peeling out on the far post, and got that little bit of a reputation now that you've got to be careful when he's peeling off behind you. He's now in his sixth season with Wolverhampton Wanderers. Teenage skipper at Porto in the Champions League a long time ago. Some player, isn't he? And Martinho as well, when they're both in there. They love to dictate the pace of the game. Good short passes, good at retaining possession, and got a good distance on their long-range passing as well, and scored spectacular goals. Wolves are very lucky that they kept him, actually, because I think he's that good. Well, not lucky. Wolves are. They're a good club, of course. Two exceptional midfielders. Martinho turning 36 next month. He's starting to freshen things up a little bit. Bringing in Nathan Collins. Oh, it's a slip by Sarr. And can Wolves make something of this? And the answer is no. Well, a real muddle. And Rodak's got away with them. Pedro Neto. Well, Neto and Podence really should have scored here. This is another clip over the top. Fulham have had their problems early on with this. Ball checks up slightly. You can see Rodak gets in a mess with Tosin there. And they get lucky that Neto doesn't netto, so to speak. And then Podence on the fastball side. He should have really took that chance as well. He's only got to hit the target. It's a side putt there. It's a glaring opportunity missed. And what a mess they made of it. The two boys at the back there. Fulham schlocker defensively on more than one occasion. In fact, the opening minutes when the blind was able to break through and test the goalkeeper, surely had it from him. He could overread through that delay. And now it's Fulham's turn to punish a mistake. He could overread. Held off by Ben Donker. And he's got a chance to score. Held off by Ben Donker. Mike Nordeo, get the ball away initially. He could overread. Wasted a good opportunity there. Done ever so well to make a tackle and get the other side. He only had to get his head up because they had a good numbers game on them there, Fulham. It was a good chance for a break, and he delayed and made the wrong choice. Robinson. It was worth a try. Went too many options on for Anthony Robinson. Yeah, Cabano's frowned his hands up in the air, but it was worth a try. Had a good opportunity to drive on maybe another yard there and take that shot, but it's kind of a... Didn't really let fly of it. Kind of stabbed at it a little bit. Premier League debut at Molineux the last time that Fulham were in the Premier League. Collins. Perence. Back with Perence. Hain was fouled. Jump ropes initially was prepared to give Wolves the advantage. The way Ruben Neves picked this up and started spotting it straight away, he might suggest that he's going to... Yeah, you can see trying to position the bladder of the ball. Might have one of those kind of Ronaldo-esque shots where he's punching at it with no follow-through, trying to cause a little bit of dip. So, Rodak, I've warned you. Gompeter with two, maybe three in the defensive wall. He must know what's coming from Ruben Neves. Unless the ball dripper is going to un-fox us all. We're getting the big build-up. Next to Jason Lundsdalen. Oh, sorry. Way wider the mark. I'm not laughing at him. I'm just saying even the best can mis-kick a ball like that, but that was poor. Best side position, the bladder poorly there, sorry. Even Bruno Lange having a rueful smile about that miss by Skipper. Not in yet, plaited. It's his first challenge, that's the point he's trying to make, and it is going to be a yellow card for Ruben Neves. Yeah, a little bit of frustration the way he struck that free kick, I think, there, but Paulinho got his body across him pretty cutely there. You can see, look, as it bounces down, he gets his body across him, so he's going to take the challenge. There he goes, look at that. And that's maybe a little bit of a harsh yellow card there for me. Portuguese international teammates. Swept forward by Harrison Reed. Oh, my God. Made a physical by Jarpolinho. He's one of those players, I mean, I even saw it in the first game that he'll get many an interception and goes in for so many little challenges that he's always going to be in the thick of it, thinking he may just get a tipping off from the referee there. To be fair, they didn't look a lot wrong with it. Deep. Marked in the middle. Defending there from Robinson. He knew Neto was trying to come back on his left-hand side, so he just offered him the chance to cross it. So that got a good look in. Punched away by Lerodak, far from convincingly. It's a delightful ball in. Max Kilman. The footwork by Max Kilman, who began his footballing career playing foot salve. And a far to side game, which is played with a heavier than standard ball to help the scores. Sassay getting in a bit of a mess there. Make your mind up, do it quickly, do it early. As soon as you turn back on your own goal, you're going nowhere. Really got to try and open up your body and look forward at every opportunity. Tadak. That way by Dekodova-Reed. Won back by Muceric. Strong challenge on Ben Donker. Carrara. Ball has come out here to Dekodova-Reed. Harrison-Reed, held up by Aignori. He steps in. Yeah, that was overflow, didn't expect to see Harrison-Reed. Mirovin down that right side, was just trying to get a corner out of it really. Good competitive midfield player, very good in the championship. He's looking forward to his Premier League season and proving himself, I think. Very competitive, very tidy in possession. Dubonnetis. Collins. Ben Donker. Jonny. Scooped away by Rheem. That's going out for Thornhout, which is a waste. Pullen. Too intricate and there are chances to get the ball up the pitch. Rather like Tete on this near side, there was Cabano on that far side. Just turn, clip it down the line. Rodak far from convincing, dealing with Wolves' last in-swinging corner. That one he left to Chosin and the break is on now for Pullen. Cabano. Run back by Gibbs-White. No good to test in there, Cabano, Gibbs-White was stronger than him on that. In that instance, he's got to be stronger, get his body across the opposition there. Good chance for a breakaway. Jonny, almost getting in behind Robinson. Managed to get back to him, albeit at the expense of a throw-in. Marcos Silva would just be a little bit alarmed at the times they got down the sides of Pullen there. Both on this near side and the far side, it's a little bit too easy with one ball. That's going to be done by Gibbs-White. That comes for him with Cabano. Robinson. Cabano. This was challenged down by Gibbs-White, he's had a good first half for Wolves. Cabano was a bit slow there, Tony, as well, just drag it onto his left foot. I know he's right-footed, but just drag it onto your left. There was no chance of him curling it that way to the far post for Mitrovic. Just one set to the left and whip it in. Towson. It's a terrific run by Towson. He's run step over too many and he lost out to Ruben Neves. Pedroneta. Pended over by Vico Del Verid. And John Brooks is going across to produce a yellow card for Jean Paulina. Yeah, he knew exactly what he was doing there, because Towson had got caught in possession. He made a run up pitch and he committed what you call a tactical foul, I suppose. He stopped the breakaway, but there's going to be plenty of those this season, I think, for Paulina. But he's got to be careful now. But there you can see, he knows Towson's up the pitch, a little bit late on it. And in the end, there's a foul on this near side in a more dangerous position for Wolves. Pedroneta and Gibbs-White, the two over the free kick. Delivered by Pedroneta. Pedroneta again. DiBano got in the way. That's a good free kick and a good defending header from Sete, because he's gone back on his own goal and redirected that headed clearance. That was good defending. Final minute of the first half. Pedroneta with the corner kick. Helped away by Mitrovic. And a slide by Ruben Neves. There's Mitrovic as well, showing how well he can defend his own goal. Back in the centre where the big guys go, that's where you don't want three headers right in front of goal there. So that middle of the goal area is where generally all the tall guys are. If it goes to the far or the near, it's a flick on or a head back, so you've got two opportunities to defend it. So all those big boys are in the middle, ready for that one there. Delivered by Kilman. Harrison Reid. Two additional minutes minimum at the end of the first half. Quite an even first half, although I think Wolves should be ahead. They had a better of the chances, particularly those early breakaways, and in the end, Robinson Neto kind of missing a simple opportunity, but even game, best chances probably gone to Wolves. I think the Cordova read also had a good opportunity at the corner, but pretty even stuff. Harrison Reid's done well. Didn't find either Gibano or Mitrovic. Johnson Sar eager to get Wolves up the pitch, nearly succeeded. It was good for Fulham that Ream was well placed to deal with the goalkeeper's clearance. Now, it's on for Wolves. And through that. And Wolves carve one last chance in the first half. Tetronato switch from left to right. Right, Norrie. Plenty to reflect on at the interval. Certainly Fulham will look back at the moment. Bobby did, Cordova Reid thought that he'd beaten Jose Sar, but on the goal line, Ruben Neves had other ideas to make a spectacular clearance. Wolves will point to the misses of Hwanga. Wolves get the second half underway. They dominated this fixture, whether it be in the championship or the Premier League. Adama Troyes, what a stoppage time winner at Craven Cottage, the last time the two teams met in April 2021. Fulham on their way back down to the championship, another promotion. Under Marco Silva at the end of last season. Bruno Lange knows that Wolves need to strengthen. I think seven of the nine substitutes had just five Premier League appearances between them. More personnel at good disposal of Fulham's head coach, Mike Norrie. Collins, one of the new faces at Molineux this season. He was caught there by Ferrara. Yeah, I think he'll be a good signing, Collins. I think he's a good, steady player. I think he'll fit in well to this Wolves team, particularly alongside Max Killmann. We'll bring some youth to that back line as well. The Republic of Ireland international, just 21. Challenge that by Ruben Neves, he was cautioned in the first half along with Daniel Perenze and Jean Paulinho of Fulham. Fulham have got to get Ferrara into the game a bit more. There's a lunging challenge. Got the ball though, Neves, there. He's already been yellow-carded. Has Paulinho in there? They've got to be, both of them, particularly careful. Mike Norrie. Dispossessed easily by Kabae. Some lovely pass by Cabana to Andres Pereira. It's come back out to Harrison Reid, supported by Tepe. He's unlucky there. Swept in by Reid. Sorry, Tahi, I think he's unlucky there, because he's cut it back and I think Mitrovic was slightly on his heels. Helped on by Wang. Perenze looking again for Wang. Gibbs-White. Perenze. Jean Paulinho. Mitrovic with a cushion header looking for Andres Pereira. And that's a slip by Nathan Collins, a slip which Fulham will look to exploit. A bit of scrappy play at the start of this second half, both teams not really hitting their passes. Down by Harrison Reid. Ruben Neves perhaps making the point that he picked up a yellow card for a challenge in his first half. He's sucked the referee into that one. He wasn't going to yellow card him there. Not saying that he shouldn't have been, but he wasn't going to yellow card him. And Ruben Neves threw his arms up in the air, he was right in front of the referee. Okay, he's capped him, but he convinced him to yellow card him. Caution for Harrison Reid. Tewtsch now in the card count. Ruben Neves. Robinson holding off Gianni. And Kassilva saying that Fulham are as competitive as they could be going into this Premier League season. Harrison Reid, the deep of the reed. I saw the pass there, Ruben Neves, but it was never quite there to hit, was it? We're never going to meet it on the half fully. It's just got a slight breeze up here on the country side. Don't mention it. I thought there was a little bit of a breeze there. It's hot and we're in the shade. The first half dropped noticeably, didn't it? Cabana taking on Gibbs White. And then Jones by Gianni. Let's have a look at this corner, Tony. I wonder if they'll try the same thing with Dicordova-Reid on the out edge of the box. Maybe just doing that run, that looping run around or just the ball into the area. The last one was a good routine. Maybe there's a second one up their sleeve. Let's have a look at this. Dicordova-Reid both inside the Wolves' six-yard area. Andres Perreira with the corner kick. Missed by the goalkeeper. Cabana. What's the letter for Wolves? Then Donker. I wasn't convincing, was I? I was coming out there and we're a bit fortunate. We didn't get a lot on it, but just enough to prevent the goal, but not convincing stuff. Both goalkeepers have had their moments. Ait Nouri. Gibbs White over the top from inside the six-yard area. In fairness to Antonio, I don't think he thinks he's coming through there. He's coming through at some pace, but he's got to keep that down. Got to keep it down. Just get your body down and over that ball. It's a great ball in from Ait Nouri behind the full and back four and in front of the keeper. Yeah, he's got to keep it down. It's difficult, yes, because he's really coming on at a pace. Here's the little bit of a, well, not very good goalkeeping up the other end, but that was a great cross, wasn't it? He's coming for that. He missed it completely there. Fulham in trouble now. Helped out by the watchful Xab Talina. Smells to lick the ball away in time. Both teams guilty of errors. Unforced errors. Big chances for Wolves, weren't they, first half as well? Similar kind of chance on that fast blow. Far post last time, but that wasn't it. And Neto had missed it previous to that. And there Gibbs White, just anything. Get your body in front of the ball and keep that ball down, but had to go in. Kibana. Carrera. Ignore it. He could over-read. The ball again isn't a particularly good one, but it'll be picked up here by Kibana. Four in white inside the Wolves penalty area. One is Mitrovic. Kwang. Sorry. Good error there, that wasn't it. Max Fulham got in front of Mitrovic. Kibana. Now Robinson. He could over-read. Little breakdown that far side as well. Should have done better with that cross. Didn't really get his head up. There's only one man to hit in the area. Mitrovic is still a bit, but still should have been a better cross. Kostas. Robinson couldn't get involved. Vasily Hridesh is ready to make his Wolves debut. Instructions being passed on. Among the goals for Valencia in Spain's La Liga last season. And then head back to the boot camp. Serve the GP of Radegiez international. That's it. And then, Douglas Tete over, no foul. And then, Wolves get the free kick. Harrison Reid a little bit clumsy there, he's got to be careful, he's another one sitting precariously on a yellow card. So it's a change in attack. South Korean Wang Hee-chan makes way to accommodate Wolves' new signing, Gonzalo Guides. Worked on the Bruno Lange. Benfica, Portuguese inside, he's been given a raucous standing ovation from the Wolves' faithful. They'll certainly be hoping that Gonzalo Guides is going to be the answer. Wang struggled to get into the game, didn't he? That's a case of him modifying those two central defenders that didn't get many touches of the ball at all in a game. Five substitutes per team to make it in the Premier League this season. I'm sure on this occasion, most will be utilised. Just an hour played. Collins. Wolves, just a few backs well forward now, Noreen John. Perrins. Perrins. A bit of tidying up. Wolves fans just trying to wind it up a little bit, trying to give their team a little bit of energy. Limited success for Wolves at Molineux last season. Actually won more points on the road than they did at Molineux. Ruiz. Good run, good first run found by Dendonca there, but the ball with the outside of the foot wasn't the best. It was the right idea, just trying to curl it in behind. Just trying to please a little bit too much early on. Oops, slight inframe again. Hard to replace their main man. And then there's Dubac in September or maybe October, with a knee problem. A knee problem. Pedronato. Dibs White anticipated by Harrison Reid. Gibano getting away from Ruben Neves. Getting the better of the tussle with Pereira. Gibana found by Micareci at the moment is at walking pace. Harrison Reid. Teta. Strengths to hold off Aignori. Good buffer between those two. All right in front of the Fulham fans, they'll be pleased they gained a frame there. Good strength from Micevic on two occasions against Ruben Neves there. Really bullied him out, muscled him with that upper body strength. Neves got a little bit frustrated, but as you said, after that, Micevic should have been tearing into the penalty area there, but could barely raise a gallop, but that's the way it appears with him sometimes. He just looks like he's labored in any time he has to run, but he's really effective, I must say. There's Dalmato, has joined Marco Silva in the technical area. Exchanging a few ideas, a few suggestions. He's trying to find a way through this Wolves defense. I mentioned the first half, but Wolves didn't score many goals last season, neither did they get too many away. Backed away by Rodak. Micevic. Neskens Cabano complaining, as were many of his Fulham teammates, that more was made of that challenge than was perhaps necessary. Killed him. Johnny. Going through. It's pretty honest there, Johnny. Cabano came in with a late challenge when he just ignored it. He could have gone down there and bought himself a little bit of a foul, but he's very honest about the challenge. And very honest about the challenge. Helped on by Micevic. And again by Harrison Reid. He could over-read. Jim Killman very assured. Robinson. Defending there by Tessa. Just wasn't having any of it there. Just going to stand his ground and put a good challenge in. Robinson. Cabano. Back out to Robinson, who in turn has been able to pick out Cabano. All right, Murray. He put through his own goal last weekend, steered that safely back into the arms of his goalkeeper, Gilles Hesart. Should have done better with that, should have clipped that up to the far post. He don't ever so well get rid of that ball, lad. Gives way. Pedance. Pedance delaying the cross. Now he delivers. He took the half-foot corner again. Dendonka arriving late. Deflection took it behind to give Wolves some encouragement. He wanted the earlier ball in. He made a really good run, but a delay on the cross and the clips of the far post. Should have been similar up the other end. Cabano clip a little ball up like that, but......has a......kind of waltzing in his head a little bit, aren't they? Corner taken short by Gibbs-White. They've got plenty of time to sort themselves out defensively again. Degioneta. Deleting the through ball. Hollins. A tiny interception by Tim Reed. Here's Pedroneta. Just possessing Kaste. He's managed to get back to him, but he can't stop the cross. Perence. Livano getting pulled out of trouble. Motete calls all that trouble again, looking upfield and doesn't play it, just delays and gets nicked in possession. Nearly cost his team a goal. He could over-read. Perret. Harrison Reed. Searching out Cabano. Has a go. It is an attempt on target, comfortably dealt with by Jos S.R. He does well coming in, but he's got to go for that far corner. No chance of beating the keeper on this near side. You create the space and you've got a bit or two opportunities here. Go for that far corner. If you miss that far corner, look on the far post, there's two players anywhere. Vires. Ignoring. Collins. That was left by Llori. Cabano. That was a good ball out of defence from Tim Rheing there. Didn't invite the challenge, just curled it down the line to Cabano. Easy little bit of release of pressure. If you delay it like Sette has on a couple of occasions, then you're going to put yourself in a little bit of trouble. Another drinks break. Get us one down there, Tony. I'm gasping. After the drinks break, second of the game, one in the first half, one in the second half. We're going to make a change. James Stansfield, who is coming on. 19-year-old striker. His first appearance in the Premier League. His father had a very good career in the lower leagues before he tragically died at the age of 31. Andres Herrera will be making way to accommodate James Stansfield. It just seems a little bit tired of taking this opportunity to get that drinks break in and get some vital liquids on board and just go for this final little finale at the end of the game. Three points, even at this early stage, is so, so vital. This early stage of the season, nicking those three points is key. James Stansfield. This is his first appearance since he had knee surgery. The back end of last year. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. Andres Herrera. He looks a penalty all over. Jess gets the toe to it first. There you go. Stone bunker. That's a pen. It's a lazy challenge. One he didn't need to make. Could have still stayed goal side even if Cordoba-Reed has that touch. And Mitro hasn't had a lot in front of goal this afternoon. Gets to take this penalty, Tony. Went to the keepers left with that penalty last week. Two goals against Liverpool. One from the penalty spot. The mind games being played with Jose Sarr. Which way? Cordoba saves it. Lucas Ture of the afternoon from the ball is faithful. And Jose Sarr entitled to take a breather after puking out Alexander Mitrovic. Well, he hit it powerfully enough, but it wasn't directed in that corner, was it? And the keeper guessed right, and he's there. And he stops a penalty. A long, proud ride to him. That's not in the corner, is it? He guessed right. The guessing games are on. Easy to say, could have got, should have gone the other side, but it's a good stop. Needs to go higher if he's going to go that close to the keeper. He's already over there, the keeper. Good stop. Puked out by Jose Sarr. Mitrovic missed one at the start of last season in the championship. Had one saved against Stoke City. Just now further misfortune in the Midlands. Just to confirm to everyone, the VAR was just checking because it was cleared by a Wolves defender afterwards if he'd encroached earlier into that area. And VAR check complete. Good signing by the Wolves defenders not to go in that area and make the save complete for Jose Sarr. Here you go, look, they're all on there, and they're all on the line. And it's cleared. I think it's Dendoncruz who's cleared it, or Kielman, I'm not sure, in the middle there. And he wasn't in that penalty area before it was kicked. Neskin's Cabano is going off for Fulham. And there is a chance for Jay Stansfield. He made his Fulham debut at the age of 17, now 19, and he's absent for the best part of a year because of injury. Radul Alage, grateful to his goalkeeper. Good anticipation by Jose Sarr, as you mentioned, Tony, given what Michael Rich did last weekend against Liverpool. He's got a chance of a troach, still plenty of power in the kick, but it was a height which allowed the Portuguese to make the save. Nudes, grappling with Tete. And there's crackling again. Plereras down injured at the other end of the pitch, and Tete getting involved in a little tussle. No foul given by the referee. A throw-in for all rants and wanderers, but I hope this is not too serious for Fulham. This is the Tete challenge. I think that's six of one, half a dozen of the other, and the referee gets that right. I think it's just a challenge on Plereras. I think it's more awkward landing, isn't it? Flat on his back, maybe slightly on his heels as well there, you could see. Firm pitches. Should be fine. Having been Andres Plereras was the one that Fulham were thinking of taking off before James Stansfield came on in place of Neskin's Cabano. Tom Kearney about to come on for Plereras. Tom Kearney, good player. Been very good in the Championship for Fulham in previous seasons. He'll feel like he's got a little bit to prove in the Premier League. Prove that he can play there consistently and produce the goods like he did in the Championship. Good quality player on the ball. Maybe needs to speed his game up a little bit in the middle of the park and get after it more, but I think he's a quality player and he'd be anxious to prove he can establish himself in this Premier League. Injured for much of Fulham's last season in the Premier League. Perence. Having you penalised for just catching Collings. Stansfield. He's flipped by Stansfield. A bit of over-keenness, over-eagerness there. Young Stansfield just clipped his heels. Getting to that vital stage of the game now, Tony. Eight, six minutes gone and we feel if there's a goal scored now, it's hard to come back from. Stansfield. Mitch Rich in the middle, joined by Dick O'Dover-Reeve. Fulham settle for the corner. Just needed another little touch there. Curl it around Kilman, who defended well. Blocked that curl and Stansfield thought he was going to hit there. A little bit of pace down that right-hand side. Tosin ready to make his move. Here's Mitrovic. Gathered on the goal line by Saar. Good move in by Fulham again. The Wolves fans are not pleased. This Dick O'Dover-Reeve took a knock to the head, but the referee has to stop it. Good, good movement. Mitrovic peeling out, didn't get the power on the header. Just dropped in there for one moment. I think he's going to get there first. Look, Dick O'Dover-Reeve. Should he have got there first? It's difficult when you're bouncing down in those areas. I think he was in a head there, maybe could have got his head on it. You can see it's here. Is he going to get there? Oh, inches away. Dick O'Dover-Reeve being leaned on by Morgans Gibwine. This is momentum which took him into the goalkeeper, Jos Saar. A lot for Alexander Mitrovic to reflect upon. A couple of little corners that they caught Wolverhampton Wanderers out. Just by peeling out rather than those in-swinging balls. Just getting a little block. Someone gets a little run on his marker. It's Mitrovic that's on getting the header in. We've seen Dick O'Dover-Reeve getting the header in in the first half. Twice they've nearly scored. We have supporters complaining, but John Brookes left with no option but to stop the game. Their moods are not improved by the fact that Bobby Dick O'Dover-Reeve is now racing around to the halfway line. Referee's trying to wait for him to come on. He's now signaling he can come on, getting back in his defensive position. Dandonka. And Rodak Gavis. The goalkeeper hasn't a huge amount to do in the second half. And he'd be thankful for that error that he made in the first half that they warned him he couldn't work, but you're right, he hasn't had a lot to do. And that's just one attempt on target. That's why John Brookes has stopped play. Hasn't restarted. All these players and supporters are furious. It's a good game to win at this late stage. Seven minutes to go and a little bit more added time, as you say, for this injury at Tete, but if you can nick a winner here, it'd be a glorious three points for either team. And now it's Francois who's all set to come on for Fulham. Another change. It'll be a double change because Kevin Mbappé is also poised to come on. He came in the Premier League some years ago in Newcastle United. So that's a straight swap in the right back position with Mbappé on in place of Kenny Tete. And Bobby Bigfoot over Reid is also being substituted. He took that bang on the head when he plied you with Jose Sarr. Madama Traore. Ruben Neves. Then Donker under that. Nelson Sameda. Pull them in with Suarez. Rightfully there from that break by Sameda down that left-hand side. Francois. Now Robinson. Then Donker strong. Djibril's happy to let that go. Might want to revisit that. Now that Mitrovic has gone head-to-head with Morgan Dibswhite. Mitrovic will probably get booked for the yellow card and maybe get another one for that response when Dibswhite came up to him and they were both rubbing their heads into each other. Well, just praying that he doesn't respond to this, the referee, and give him a red card here because it could so easily happen. He clatters into Dibswhite as he gets away. He'd probably get a yellow card for that. But will the reaction from Dibswhite and Mitrovic, Mitrovic's back, get him a... Oh, is he yellow there? He's very, very fortunate. Still being looked at by VAR. But it did certainly appear that Aleksandr Mitrovic leaned his head towards Morgan Dibswhite. They're still having a look at it. And they were both doing it, weren't they? But Mitrovic, neither are pulling away. Still being checked for violent conduct. Well, Dibswhite was putting his head in there first and then they were both having a little rub of their heads together. They're lucky boys. That was the yellow card definitely for the foul, but then this afterwards with the two of them. Hope for both of their sakes there's no red card. The check to Dover. Everybody can catch their breath and Wolves can take this free kick delivered by Ruben Neves. Skip has another opportunity to divert the ball into the full-on penalty area. Mitrovic fortunate? Yes, I think so. And that's an excellent player saying that. He chested in to Morgan Dibswhite. He's gone back at him with a head though. I think they're both fortunate with their reactions. Mitrovic having got a yellow card for the challenge before that is probably the more fortunate. But Bullen fans will be grateful. Jared Gillette, the VAR. Robinson. Great opportunity for a decent pass there. Kiernan putting free down that left-hand side. Lovely weighted ball. Not the best for crosses. Dibswhite. He's got to be careful having just been yellow carded. Grappling with Mbaba and taking a bit of a tumble as well when he didn't need to really. Just needed to defend that ball in the corner, keep it alive, get their crossing. I should have had seven minutes of stoppage time. We're inevitably going to get some additional stoppage time. Hamada Puil by Jose Sarr. Traore chesting the ball down to Pedance. Sarr there again. Wolves throw. Throwing. Nelson Sameda. Into the ninth minute now of second half stoppage time. It draws about right, Tony. Better chances for Wolves but full of missing a penalty and a couple of good opportunities from corners as well. Draws about right on the day but still a little bit of time. Don't know how long but down to the referee's interpretation. Morrigan by Elhasan. Not ignoring. because of the amount of time that we took to work out whether or not Morgan Gims-White and Alexander Mitterich deserved yellow cards. They both finished with yellow cards and Wolverhampton Wanderers and Fulham both finished with a point. Fulham squandered.